Even though we have reached an era of advanced technology, the majority of the skyscrapers are structures that don’t provide sustainability to their social, cultural, and ecological environment. In a contemporary and diverse metropolis, such as New York City, the skyscraper should be a reciprocal organism that interacts with its many different layers. In this case, the proposed skyscraper recognizes New York as a temporal residence for millions of students, artists, and tourists.The proposed scheme analyzes their short-term needs and creates a system of organization around a single geometric unit. The combination of multiple units provides a structural, programmatic, and formal solution to the skyscraper. The proposed algorithm identifies the singularity and plurality of the geometric unit, depending on the location and use of the tower; a reciprocal system that adapts to its environment. The basic shape of this cell is a deformed hexagon that through multiplication, repetition, and deformation creates an open-end and close-end system. Once a linkage technique between the units is established it is possible to explore a suitable reciprocal system for a specific location. A unit generates a basic open-end system by repeating, multiplying, and scaling. It grows upwards and downwards from the center allowing porosity and different programmatic events. The system is complete only when every single requirement is met.
When you visit Manhattan as a tourist you keep the city in your memory as a series of fragments, bodies, perceptions, sounds, and atmospheres. The position of everything is engraved in your memory; a new psycho-geographic map of the city is born. We have chosen seven fragments of Manhattan, (5th Avenue, Broadway, piers, Financial District, Brooklyn Bridge, and Central Park), that could be thought about as individual cities; autonomous bodies, landscapes, and infrastructures. With the use of manipulating and folding mechanisms we look for overlaps that cause hybrid conditions and programmatic impurities. The result is a tapestry of accidents engineered by our memory. When the defined fragments are folded into loops, a new city (skyscraper) full of intersections and possibilities emerges; a vertical three dimensional network. Instead of a conventional pile of floors, each level and section connect with different programs and situations in the upper and lower areas. In that way, all planes could be connected at least by one trajectory. The pile of folded surfaces would create a complex landscape, where program, circulation, and structure are one. A skyscraper as an intensified vertical landscape emerges.
Peristalsis: The rippling motion of muscles in tubular organs characterized by the alternate contraction and relaxation of the muscles that propel the contents onward. The core of the skyscraper, its structural and circulatory conventions, as a central obstacle to tall building design is well known. Should the elevator, of all things, persist as the non-negotiable limit of our vertical habitats? The limit is vexing, for not only does it determine compositional forms but, more significantly, the arrangement of social practices with regards to both our labor and leisure. Elevators stifle more than facilitate our movement by virtue of their rigid planes and fleeting occupations. That is to say, the vast space which the elevator shaft occupies is, temporally speaking, useless. But suppose we involved ourselves with a different interpretation of that inactive, rigid, and sequestered domain which much of this central shaft represents. It would demand a vital shift, or at least a conceptual reworking, towards an active utilization of such space. By employing a dynamic spatial application against the traditional organization of core and space, we dissolved the dichotomy between circulation and habitable environments. We have eliminated typological stacking where experiences are vapidly suggested to be diversified by simply designating floors to particular social practices. Ideation: Circulation = Space An inhabitable pocket is contained within a flexible element. It is a module that flows in a vertical communicative field with the surrounding members. Their positioning is determined and managed by a responsive signaling system.
Hong Kong is a city of extreme landscape conditions in which the majority of the land is defined as high steep terrain. Due to this condition there is a complex infrastructure of trains and escalators for the mobility of the pedestrians. This type of infrastructure accounts for more than 50 percent of the available land. The remaining areas are clustered with isolated skyscrapers surrounded by heavy vehicular and pedestrian traffic. Because of this phenomenon, we think that Hong Kong doesn’t need another skyscraper but a building that will offer public areas for the inhabitants.Causeway Bay, one of the most heavily populated areas in the world, is defined by a large public park to the east and a major traffic route to the north. An entrance to the Cross Harbor tunnel is also located in this area. Slow moving traffic is a constant all-day long, causing intense noise and pollution. The traffic spreads to the surrounding streets and heavily suffocates the neighborhood. The only access to the harbor front is through a pedestrian tunnel, which was originally built as water infrastructure. This has lead to a deserted waterfront with a lot of residual spaces. By identifying this land we come up with an interesting development proposal that would provide a large number of public areas, as well as housing and office spaces. This proposal is designed in phases and will grow through the years. It will also regenerate the harbor and will bring back life to this area of Hong Kong.
Rather than looking at the city as an extension of architectonic space, the Shanghai market is here reinvented as an internal extension of a fluid landscape. Operating under this axiom, the vertical market changes the previous horizontality of the urban activity by pulling the city fabric upwards, enabling a further densification of the city. While modeling the existing economic flows of the city there was revealed a potential for a systemic expansion of the streetscape skyward. This move enables an accretion of market functions, pulling the chaotic action to a single site. Formally and theoretically, the degradative nature of fluid market economics define the building architecture, the thickness of circulatory structure responds to the predicted expenditure of capital as one moves through the building, and space is allocated for market activity accordingly. After initial studies into fluid tendencies of market vectors and their formal potentials, the spatial needs for a market were investigated using a dynamic technique reliant upon the structural generator of the fluid form, a typological skyscraper was deformed. The resultant change in topology was then used to define the spatial and formal conditions of the market itself.
In nature, organisms try to respond to the impact of various forces with minimum energy consumption. Similarly, materials are subject to a process of self-organization/adaptation in relation to the action of intrinsic as well as extrinsic forces acting upon it, aiming to fulfill a state of equilibrium. Exploring the inherent properties governing the behavior of a given material and its effects on the surrounding environment, represents the starting point for a broader understanding of material forms as a mutable, multi-performing, and generative design tool. The bottom-up approach towards the research onto a given material system discloses the opportunity to deeply investigate the proprieties of such a material, as well as opening unexpected potentials for inclusive performances and effects. The aim of the research is to unfold a set of extensive investigations on catenary structures developing a generative tool-set for architectural design and overcoming the traditional notion of programmatic determinism and building types. The analysis of the properties of catenaries, the inherent relationship between geometry and structure, and the behavior of the material under the application of a set of experiments, represents the core of the research. The hypothesis of the research is to develop an extensive set of investigations and trigger new speculations about the way catenary can nowadays be used, not only as global load bearing system to support vertical loads, but also as a geometry that can provide spatial arrangement for vertical structures. The parallel study on the physical and the digital realms constitutes the method of research.
Historically loaded and about to be demolished, the centrally located Hotel Rossija constitutes an exemplary terrain for an architectural operation. Starting with Lissitzky’s Wolkenbügeln in the 1920’s, followed by Stalin’s 7 Sisters, and the Palace of the Soviets in the 1940’s, there is a long history of skyscrapers in the city of Moscow. Contrary to planning of the new suburban business district “Moscow City”, we propose our building to be located in the heart of Moscow. Due to the lack of space a vertical arrangement of the program must be proposed within the perimeter of the Hotel Rossija. Relationships and dependencies between the different capitals resulted in the vertical configuration of the programs. The stacking of entire program typologies (e.g. soccer stadium, office blocks) resemble a vertical city rather than a conventional high-rise building. The intensity of programmatic interaction expresses itself in the different degrees of spatial connectivity. The more a program depends on its opposite the closer it moves towards it. Consequently, the two towers rise separately and clash according to the climaxes of interaction. Horizontal infrastructure layers are inserted at every clash node to distribute the inhabitants. These infrastructure nodes function as public spaces comparable to squares and streets in the traditional city.
Questioning what possibly is or will be the skyscraper for the XXI Century… It must not be singularly definable, but instead, in a multiplicious manner. A skyscraper for the XXI Century should act and react within itself as well as its context: both locally and globally, reconsider program and activity, generate new appetites, question standard fabrication techniques, create abundant spatial possibilities, and most of all, it must aim to redefine social identity and cultural conditions. For instance, the proposal reacts to the forthcoming of an international train station aiming to decentralize Rome. The physical and cultural implications of such a project are immense, and the question is: how does a city prepare for such an abrupt change in its current fabric so that it will fully utilize this new transportation asset and flourish? In this case, it reaches out to international organizations and aspiring companies to become a hub in its international context. With an objective to facilitate conception and development of small seed companies, it strives to standardize procedures, strengthen Italy in Europe’s existing biomedical field, and utilize local resources. By involving local resources, including but not limited to universities, hospitals, medical schools, businesses, and retailers; the skyscraper assists in generating an enduring presence within its local fabric, but more importantly connect itself and immediate context to international bodies. Within itself, it acts and reacts through a program proposal to standardize procedures. Programmatically, the tower establishes a feedback loop. Initiating this is its connection with international bio-facilities to standardize procedures. By introducing these procedures and opportunities to small rising companies, acting as a host, companies grow; which later will affect the hub’s procedural training and influence future small companies as well as those bodies that are internationally connected. Spatially, as a company develops, more facilities are available for their development. Within the tower, spatial possibilities provide for varying laboratories, freezer areas, lab support, holding rooms, and sample storage. All of which are possible through an open infrastructure.
The site selected for the skyscraper is located on the Mediterranean Sea, off the Barcelona Waterfront, creating a grand vertical visual icon at the end of the Diagonal Avenue, in Barcelona; an urban axis, cutting the city grid on NE-SW angle, and finishing on the sea shore. It is erected on an artificial man-made peninsula, on which three intertwined towers would be built. They are entering a marine dominion, maybe representing utopia, extending the city, using a vertical element in a metropolis (Barcelona), while simultaneously turning toward the sky. It fulfills an old desired intention in an unconventional manner. We were inspired by deep-sea sponges to create a complex glass structure beneath the sea. We tried to apply our findings from this organism on a high-rise building, to create vertical marine structures, looking as garden towers, using a skin made of optical fiber and fiberglass. The three skyscrapers intend to be a new type of bioclimatic buildings, in total mimesis with natural organisms, inhabitants of the deep sea around them. The double skin is composed by two layers, and contains a third layer of suspended vegetation, which becomes a new type of urban vertical agriculture. The Venus BCN skyscraper structures will also be ecological and energy self sufficient, having highly positive, repairing and productive results for the saturated urban environment, a sustainable design. For this reason, we propose an intelligent use of energy, water, and waste. This will be accomplished with a green bio-climatic envelope, which controls temperature, sun exposure, and ventilation, so the use of cooling and heating is kept to a minimum. The atmosphere water collector systems are implemented over the outer skin, and the use of bio-gas from the nearby purification plant would be implemented, having this as an energy resource, stored at the sky lobbies of each module.
Although it is impossible to imagine contemporary life without car-based mobility, the car is frequently barred from the public space. In European inner cities, where pedestrians rule, the car is viewed as a threat to the city. This is rather strange because, in general, we spend a lot of money on cars and many car owners derive their social status from their possession, to a greater or lesser degree. In addition, sooner or later, most pedestrians become car users forced to descend into dark parking basements. Multi-storey parking facilities are an answer to the ever-growing demand for parking space, particularly where the concentration of activities requires the well-conceived use of space available. The design is a 100 meter-high tower, with a capacity for approximately 450 cars, with an entry and exit station at the base of the building. This station has been designed with the users, both motorists and pedestrians, in mind. Spacious platforms for getting in and out and comfortable waiting rooms characterize the design. The entry, transfer, and garaging of vehicles is automated and takes place behind the station. The horizontal transfer is carried out by a traverse robot, whereas the vehicles are transported vertically in the tower by six car lifts. By uncoupling the cycle of getting in and loading the car, transporting it and parking it and the reverse process, a high rate of arrivals and departures is achievable. In principle, nobody is allowed behind the platforms and this has many advantages regarding efficient space usage. This separation is also advantageous in terms of safety and security for both motorists and their cars. The tower is flanked by a fire-escape stairwell for technical maintenance purposes.
Let us think of a city that is constrained by a complex urban structure. An ordered grid, the compulsory maximal height and density of the imposed vellums, as well as the need for balanced perspectives and visual openings. Every new modification of the city must abide by a strict global composition. The city is also centralized, its urban layers are superimposed, add to each other, organize and stabilize disparities and dis-equilibria. The city can be seen as an ecosystem made of built components, equipments, infrastructures, sport fields, empty spaces, squares, parks, and gardens. The site and placement of each of them is conditioned by a global equilibrium which allows every single element to exist on its own, as well as within a global system. It is a balanced composition. Now, let us think of this city as a finished ensemble, in which urban logic might be enriched by a new, unexpected, dimension. What if its current equilibrium is not complete, but, instead, a living body, which could be enriched and even improved by the addition of a new dimension? What if this new dimension is a vibration that would allow the whole city to live and function differently?. New levels of connection, new links within a city, a city that did not think it had any room for them. This role would by played by high buildings, which would inject a density of life in areas that were thought to be complete: in-between a courtyard and a street, amidst towers and offices, topping an empty tooth, to give a meaning to a district that used to lack it. Each tower is conceived as a new complex object. Rich in links, connections, public and private spaces, they are thought of as jigsaws of habitation spaces, working quarters, and areas of life and human interaction. Each element finds its place in a network of pillars and develops its own specific architectural vocabulary. The apartments are inserted like cabins on groups of pillars. The habitation areas spread over a height of 17 metres. Within the volume of the building, plateaus of 5.25m x 7.60m are superimposed, creating duplex and triplex apartments as well as aerial gardens. This mixture of lodgings, gardens, and axes of circulation create a complex system of public and private spaces, full and empty elements, where transparencies open, focus, and direct the views within the tower and to the outside.
In their search for light, space, balance, and keeping up with the environmental forces, trees are their own architects. A tree’s shape is a fascinating question. One part of its development is generated by its genetic code and the other part by its adaptation to the environment. We think these two factors are the key to understanding architectural design. Hong Kong is built next to the China Sea; viewed from the open sea, skyscrapers resemble the edge of a forest. In high-density areas, skyscrapers act like a forest, where buildings compete for light and space. The dynamism of the forest originates in the chemical exchanges with the ground, while that of the city derives from the interaction of economic and demographic forces. Paradoxically, trees which are the major structures in nature, can become dwarfed in an urban setting. The aim of this project is to return trees to their central role, in the way they dominate the natural environment. Like a tree, this building aims to be self-sufficient. It produces its own energy using sun and wind power. The tower is designed according to the principles of sustainability in terms of both its shape and its use of materials and renewable energy. The quasi-cylindrical shape offers less wind resistance and the circular floors are radially shifted in six different positions to allow better lighting at each level. The building is designed based on the construction principles used in oil rigs, namely a primary structure composed of three large pillars supporting circular floors (66m in diameter), open in the middle to incorporate multiple spatial modules with various functions. The first floor rises 40 meters above the ground, freeing up a large amount of space and giving access to the street. Accordingly, the lobby is located in the basement along the parking and it is naturally lit from the top by a system of circular skylights.
The Genotower05 was an investigation of the potential of 7+ dimensional digital space-time, established through an ever-changing search space which uses a stratification of sculpted numeric and geometric randomness in a resonant eugenic single-celled generative automaton. This stem-cell recursively duplicates, splits and mutates under multi-dimensional distortion. While self-mutilating to isolate regional topological growth, it eventually sheds aged generational cells and produces individualized but intelligent organs, situated in an overall organic structure on multiple transgenic levels. In other words, it was to grow intelligent vertically oriented organs in an intelligent transgenic body from identical digital stem cells, without linear array sets or post-processing. When dealing with the antiquated topological organ assembly, which may be laterally-transgenic and operating to develop mutation on different affective and performative levels, it remains still a tapeworm, missing core elements of an architectonic assembly. This assembly establishes skin, interior conditions, and nascent organ development individualization, but it remains confined to the longitudinal direction prescribed in the geometry or number set. There is little opportunity to describe clear organ isolation nor to establish formal splitting and return, without disrupting the skin/scale membrane or interior network structure. The Genotower05 does not operate in this confined linear topological fashion. It grows, lives and dies from a cell that recursively develops in many directions to construct a body of living cells communicating with each other. These systems were infused with the individual cellular locomotion, at first randomly, to allow for multi-celled formal arrangements. To better isolate future “heart” or “lung” or “nerve” cells, the initial stem-cell’s locomotion is allowed extreme degrees of freedom. As each generation progresses, the intermediate vector becomes more localized so that the cells remain near their cousins and siblings, not to cause intermingling of individual organs. Viewers should understand that this research is not trying to use a breeding algorithm to create complexity in a system that is actually asexual. There is no multi-partner reproduction and nor would this be plausible construct when dealing with zygotes. This process is not devising a speciation of organisms, but more contributing to a body through the individualization of organs but still assemble the whole on two+ scales of assembly.
The skyscraper for the 21st century must respond to 100 years of evolution in technology and society. New materials and structures allow the construction of buildings which are 700 to 900 meters high. More research will allow rising up to 1200 meters. The skyscrapers are moving from the old North American or European cities to the new Asian and South American cities. They used to be constructed in the city’s downtown, but are changing to the suburbs, with the intention of revitalizing them. In the past, they used to be offices in high-density financial districts, such as Manhattan, London, and Hong Kong. Now, skyscrapers have multifunctional spaces for commercial, living, and working activities. The detached single family house, the “spam”, has infected the earth as a virus, and if we apply this model to the rest of the world, with its actual growth of population, the Earth will soon be over urbanized. Europe and the United States export their image of the family, the house, the garden, the car and the dog, but it has been proven that this model generates insecurity, environmental problems and is not ”sustainable” for all. In the third world countries, the “fabelas” are also common around the urban centers, extending over the territory like the “single family house” model. This project is not a single building, but a group of buildings that resemble the branches of a tree. At one point the building adds more than 1.000.000 sqm of space, with an implantation of just 2500 sqm. It will be located in suburban areas, which will benefit from its multiple services and amenities. This skyscraper could be constructed using the same variables around the world as a strategic solution, but will change in each place depending on the climate, density, and development of the city.
This skyscraper is designed as a vertical city. The structural grid is inspired by a city’s master plan and its infrastructure system. The three cores are used to open up the whole building. The six planes are the horizontal connection between the cores. The cores contain several public spaces like parks, gyms, and meeting rooms. Infrastructure, such as electricity, water, and weather control, is also supplied by the cores. The second part of the building are the pods. Their construction system is similar to cabins in shipbuilding. The primary cover includes all technical links without interior finish. The interior finish is done in a nearby “shipyard” based on the client’s wishes. During the second phase, the module is carried to the skyscraper structural grid by building cranes. Water, electrical supply, and telecommunications are installed by “plug and play”. The skeleton is filled up with modules in this way. Modules could also be combined. It‘s possible to create apartments out of two or more modules by connecting them horizontally and/or vertically. Inhabitants that move out give the module back to the shipyard where the interior finish is removed. The cover is consequently prepared to be sold and refinished for a new inhabitant. Therefore the buildings skin is changing all the time and it is possible to react to clients wishes and technical progress in facade or design technology.
This project is an examination of the skyscraper typology being driven by financial and market forces. Reaching a maximum height of nearly 800 feet, the building performs as a revenue-generating billboard on an urban scale. The envelope of the structure was generated to maximize advertising perception from key cultural and civic nodes throughout the surrounding context of the greater Los Angeles area. The invasive insertion of this massive entity into the downtown area alters or destroys existing sight lines and replaces them with corporately sponsored images. Living rent-free in the towering structure are residents that are participants in the performance of the building as advertising conduit. The entity is composed of a swarm of pod-like enclosures, each creating a single pixel on the surface of the billboard. Essentially, this forms a giant low-res media surface. Each pod is terminated with a dome of electronic smart-glass that has the ability to change opacity and hue.
A skyscraper does not need to be about height, or technological achievement, but should firstly strive to provide healthy and diverse spaces for living and working. Density and vertical programming do not necessitate identical isolated units. The new skyscraper is de-objectified to foster urban connectivity, green space, and community life. It looks not just to fit within the city, but to extend new fits to nearby buildings and public spaces. The building creates new street life in the existing dead space between Michigan Avenue and State Street. The program addresses Chicago’s need for affordable housing. Failure to provide new housing as housing projects are being continually demolished is only increasing the number of people without suitable living arrangements.
 The main aim of this proposal is to question the role of structure within the field of architecture. Can it have multiple roles that integrate other elements, systems, creating mutually beneficial conditions? Can it be modeled like a leaf, in which the very members that hold it together are the same that deliver its nutrients? If so, structure can be a conduit—a physical network of rigid arteries and veins that not only bear load, but also house and perform additional services and operations. This scheme proposes that a research institute become a responsive, working system that utilizes structure and technology to yield agriculture, and effectively contribute to the efforts of reducing energy consumption that results in transporting fruits and vegetables from rural to urban areas. A canopy of hydroponic garden pods is designed to function as a seasonal market for the Philadelphia community. The proposal can be dissected into three interconnected components: stem, core and roots. Structure becomes the overlapping connective tissue that integrates these. The stem is the prominent element in which the others organize. It acts as the water processor. The core becomes a protective wrapper around the stem, benefiting from its branches’ deliveries of water. Collaborative lab space fills the core. Three currently independent research entities within the Pennsylvania region will merge like roots into one stem: urban horticulturalists, environmental scientists and those investigating building performance and diagnostics, will thrive from each others’ efforts and passions concerning future environments. Finally, the roots transfer water back to the ground, completing the natural hydrologic cycle. This scheme assumes it can be constructed above an existing parking garage on 12th and Sansom Street, Philadelphia.
Originating from the Klein Bottle, a non-orientable mathematical surface, it is similar to a Mobius strip in that it is single-sided. Its potential for spatial application is where the Mobius strip falls short, for the Klein Bottle is fully 3-dimensional and flirts with bounding volume with an infinite, single continuous side. It can be perceived as a strange tube which, in an attempt to bend & form a normal torus/loop, self-intersects and rejoins with itself but on the wrong side. The key lies in its strange quality of self-intersection, for the self-intersection provides spatial, typological, programmatic, structural, technological, site, and sustainability opportunities. It represents a new topological family of form, which can spawn a variety of skyscraper designs; the represented ½ Infinity Tower represents only one iteration of a family of architectural explorations. The ½ Infinity Tower provides a third spatial center/focus to the traditionally bipolar (top/bottom) skyscraper, for it creates a new void at the center third which can be programmed as a public or collective space: exhibition, meetings, restaurants, atrium, sky garden. The middle of the tower is, for once, a highly coveted destination within the skyscraper. The planimetric cut plane through the building is constantly evolving. Moving from a continuous floor plate to a two tower configuration, to a C-shaped floor, and finally a reconstituted single floor plate once again, the tower provides multiple shaped floor plates of varying sizes for companies of all sizes to occupy and inhabit. The increase in surface area not only allows for greater natural light and ventilation, but also much greater view opportunities, both outward-looking and inward-looking, at all areas of the skyscraper. The ½ Infinity Tower’s self-intersecting form increases the lateral stiffness and stability of the skyscraper significantly. As most skyscrapers can be perceived as a cantilever from the ground plane with only one point of support, the self-intersection of the tower shortens the cantilever by half and provides an additional point of lateral support at the midpoint for the skyscraper. If one perceives the project as two towers that merge, then each tower effectively braces the other. The self-intersection/void at the center of the building has an opening at the top, allowing wind to pass through the building and reducing wind loading substantially. The gravity loads of the tower are taken up by the triple core and internal columns. A steel lattice, or diagrid, envelopes the entire structure, producing a very efficient and redundant means of resisting lateral load and reducing total tonnage of steel throughout the building, as opposed to a traditional moment-frame. Where the tower cants, transfer trusses two floors deep, coupled with the diagrid lattice, transferring forces back down the vertical towers and into the ground.
