This project examines a possible solution to the multiple environmental problems we might have in the year 2050. If we continue with the same year to year increment in air pollutants it will no longer be safe to breathe in the outdoors without a filtering device. Neo Arc is the solution proposed by a group of architects, engineers, scientists, and developers that are studying how to integrate the latest green technologies in major residential and commercial developments. Neo Arc is equipped with solar panels and filtering systems for air and water. Its high-per formative green façade is covered with vegetation that filters rain water and releases oxygen into the atmosphere. Neo Arc is a continuous surface that is shaped as an artificial landscape that provides shelter to plants and people. Its enormous water reservoir produces oxygen and sufficient energy for the entire structure, including its own transportation system. Its façade is designed as a set of triangles that respond to the program and environment. Its program includes residential and commercial spaces, transportation system, water reservoir, sky pool, sports arena, and public parks.
Michel Etienne Turgot, Borough President of the City of Paris in 1734, commissioned to the drafter Louis Bretez the most beautiful and accurate representation of Paris in the ‘Ancien Régime’. Neo Arc is a continuous surface that is shaped as an artificial landscape that provides shelter to plants and people. Its enormous water reservoir produces oxygen and sufficient energy for the entire structure, including its own transportation system. Its façade is designed as a set of triangles that respond to the program and environment. Its program includes residential and commercial spaces, transportation system, water reservoir, sky pool, sports arena, and public parks. The center of Paris is deeply characterized by the extraordinary presence of the Seine River, touching the historic monuments such as the Louvre, the Eiffel Tower and the Grande Palais. These are all landmarks that provide orientation in the city, as authentic milestones.
In the Hudson Yard area of Manhattan, this urban high rise farm introduces inherently political opposing elements; farmers (producers) and New Yorkers (consumers) through farms, workers housing, and market places. Through the mixing of politically opposing classes, social and cultural confrontations are generated within a high rise typology by introducing producers of biomass into the city, a place of historic biomass consumption. In so doing, the high rise is re-defined not by efficiency, but rather through the use of surfaces to orchestrate the dynamic programmatic interactions and the multiplicity of spatial organization they suppose. The essence of these social/political programmatic relationships is unclear. The spaces they create are lived not represented or conceived. One can only speculate on the range of lived relationships and oppositions that might form within and around this urban farm. Through food production and consumption, this skyscraper sets up a fluctuation of varying densities and collections of people, bringing together different social and cultural groups, creating new and unforeseen urban experiences that form and dissipate within the flux of city life. By defining programs, this tower does not seek to control and manipulate interaction between politically dynamic groups of farmers and consumers, but rather give a place for the acting out of a multiplicity of outcomes. Program is merely a given caricature not a dictated function. The interior surfaces do not prescribe function but merely hint at their potential. It is up to the everyday users to define the outcome of the space they inhabit given the environment they inherit. In this urban high rise farm, the romanticizing of modern food production or utopian garden city additions is rejected. Rather, if farming is truly able to provide adequately for a city, a dystopian stage of agricultural production which uses mans control over the growth process, must be accepted. This project accepts genetic engineering, airponic watering and nutrient technologies (a method of spraying plant roots with needed solutions), and controlled lighting and CO2 levels (to maximize plant growth and food production). The tower takes into consideration the different stages of plant production; cloning, vegetative stage and flowering stage to maximize food production as much as possible. In addition it is assumed that genetically engineered plants will be bred to maximize both the nutritional value and production of the crops within the tower. Genetic engineering is controversial but necessary if the tower is to accommodate Manhattan’s food production needs. It is projected that multiple towers will be needed to meet the city´s food production needs. Accordingly a new type of city dweller is created, the nomadic worker, who moves throughout the city tending to its food production needs and resisting and reversing the suburbanization of Manhattan.
The skyscraper has paradoxically enjoyed a renaissance since the terrorist attacks of 9/11, which brought world attention to the tragedy while raising multiple questions about its future. The boom in the Middle East has focused purely on new aesthetics and a lavish display of economic wealth. In contrast, Vertical Ecology Redux is a project that brings a new level of per formative organization into the design equation; it is fully integrated into the urban fabric and existing infrastructure. Vertical Ecology Redux is located on the waterfront of Hong Kong. The ground level is a continuous path that fuses the tower to the port and offers a series of cultural amenities. The tower emerges as three distinct geometries that merge into a structure with housing and commercial space. The façade is a hybrid structural system of pleats, seams, subdivisions, lacing, and cells.
A closed loop metabolic systemA completely closed metabolic cycle in which traffic exhaust emissions are harnessed via CO2 collectors in order to feed algae grown in photo bio-reactors within the building’s facade. Algae and natural by-products produced during algae cultivation are then refined to produce renewable energy sources. Towering 1.2 km above Spaghetti Junction, Birmingham, the UK’s largest and most congested motorway intersection, the scheme portrays a radical concept in high rise, high density urban living. Benefitting from positive solar orientation, in order to maximize solar acceptance toward the dynamic photo bioreactors which are built into the facade, BIOCITY acts as a an environmental filter, harnessing harmful traffic exhaust emissions in order to feed and cultivate microscopic algae to produce renewable bio-fuels. These bio-fuels are used to produce renewable electricity to power the vertical city and to cultivate vehicular bio-diesel and liquid hydrogen for use in hydrogen fuel cells.
During the 1960’s the city of Dallas possessed a vibrant urban culture, stimulated by round-the-clock living, working, and playing. A few years later, an aggressive interstate construction and a new desire for the suburban dream, transformed the city into a commuter business hub that closes at five o’clock. The Land Scraper is a horizontal skyscraper, rescaling human experience, trying to reconnect the once thriving urban life. Spanning over 1500 feet and five city blocks, the building slithers through three main districts: The Performing Arts District, the Financial District, and Deep Ellum. The project seeks a balance within its neighborhood, encouraging a pedestrian and public experience throughout the day and night. It eliminates the single-core vertical circulation and responds to the dense urban sprawl.
The cities of the twenty-first century embody extreme qualities of communication and complexity of interaction. In response to the new urban demands the Algorithmic tower employs a code-based scripting methodology that configures higher orders of complexity required by a new kind of aggregation logic. It is coded with specific rules for growth and subdivision that articulate spatial organizations with a mathematical approach. The Algorithmic tower is formed by cells that are divided into three distinct continuous non-intersecting volumes that allow interplay between indoor and outdoor spaces. These interacting spaces maintain their character, while adapting to growth, and gradually transform into a series of vertical aggregates. The skin wraps and changes its shape, porosity and character in response to the indoor spaces which vary in dimensions, according to the proposed parametric growth. The cells grow vertically and spirally, creating curved modules that are locally controlled with a set of rules for program, density, orientation, and expected growth.
Nature of Nature is a proposed skyscraper near Machu Picchu, Peru that will be used for different cultural activities and as temporal residence for visitors to the archeological site. The skyscrapers will be attached to the mountains by a series of anchors or ‘morphological extensions’ that collect and distribute energy from the jungle. It is designed as a structural mesh for programmatic cells of different sizes for public and private spaces. Its façade is conceived as a flexible membrane that allows different micro-climates and collects water from the constant fog and energy from the sun. The grouping of various cell clusters will create residual spaces for cultural and recreational activities.
Skyscape is a possible solution to the most polluted cities around the world. It is a system of thousands of air cleaning cells that float above the urban areas as an orchestrated particle filter. Every ten days the cells regroup for maintenance in a landing base outside the cities creating beautiful skyscrapers. Its surface is made of high efficient filters that collect pollutants and constantly produce fresh-clean air. The cells are radio controlled with different patterns of organization depending on the environment.
By working within the constraints set forth by an economically driven market the complex finds a way to use design to create a more vibrant living environment while maintaining financial viability.  Typical Hong Kong residential developments exist as a series of eight towers set atop an amenity filled podium. The addition of overall height and the expansion of floorplates to include nine living units allow this project to condense the same number of units and a similar percentage of amenity space into five towers. Subsequently, space is freed around the base of the towers for agriculture and recreation while also creating a buffer between Niu Shu and neighboring high-rises. The primary architectural design stems from a double skin system that is employed to create an intermediary space for hydroponic farming. The exterior structural skin affords large clear spaces to engulf the residential units in greenery. Each residence becomes a part of a small community within a tower that is identifiable by the crop that they produce. The crops are further coordinated by color to give each tower a distinguishable identity. Various community types are differentiated by the height of the agricultural atrium which they are part of. Through the creation of these communities the typical hierarchical arrangement of income levels is altered. The top level of a tower may longer draw the highest price or afford the most interesting opportunities, but rather the potential to access a certain communal garden midway up the tower may cause one community to be more desirable than the next.
In 2007 over half of the world’s population had moved to a city. This shift from rural areas to cities poses a multifaceted problem for the urban context. The Alchemorphis tower unites these disparate worlds in a synergistic response to the environment, local community, and greater city. New York City metro area ranks amongst the most populous urban centers in the world, with its average citizen using nearly 100 gallons of water daily. Much of this water is merely gray water which is processed with wastewater and eventually pumped into the bordering rivers as cleansed effluent. Utilizing its own influent from the Hudson River and neighborhood gray water supply, the alchemical tower recycles this discarded resource into valuable commodities for city use.
The Metropolitan Veil 2019 is a sustainable skyscraper designed for a business area in Seoul. It is an investigation on urban memories and their interconnection in a single place. Thus, new programs emerge from the mix of economic, cultural, and environmental conditions. Prefabricated slab units are stacked on top of each other to create frames that allow different programs. These frames also work as structural elements connected to the vertical cores. Sunlight is controlled by a series of layers that constitute the exterior envelope with photovoltaic cells on the southern façade. On the other hand, wind turbines are located on the big openings of the façade.
Traditionally, high-rise buildings are predicated by maximum economic return and are thus associated with commercial endeavors and opulence. This project recasts the initial ambition for vertical expansion. It envisages a rapidly deployable building that will provide centrally located resources in disaster situations. Instant High-rise builds upon the visionary concepts of Buckminster Fuller by continuing his research into lightweight ‘synergetic’ structures and geometries. The tensegrity principle is explored for its potential to provide a feasible structural system that enables the deployment of an instant skyscraper in areas struck by disaster. We envision Instant High-rise projects to be long-term structures that can adapt to their rapidly changing context. Once they have met their immediate infrastructural goals, they can be appropriated to suit sociopolitical objectives and can ultimately help to reshape the emerging local identity.
The main focus of this investigation is to rethink the ‘skin’ of the skyscraper to generate renewable energies through the use of new materials and technologies. Our idea is to design a new generation of towers with carbon shafts attached to the glazing that capture the wind and generate sufficient energy for the entire building. These shafts are flexible and oscillate with the wind and protect the interior from direct sunlight, reducing the greenhouse effect.
Urban Nebulizer is a type of skyscraper designed for the most polluted cities worldwide. The geometry of the tower is a continuous spiral with program ‘trays’. It has a central hollowed core where smog is cleaned by a series of filtering membranes that use water and vegetation. It is a vertical garden that could be located in the center of any city.
Creating a New Green Layer of Urban Life for TokyoResearch has shown that strenuous physical activity in polluted cities increases our chance of breathing harmful particles. Sky-Terra is a new level of plazas for Tokyo. They are elevated 1,600 feet above ground and are formed by the roofs of individual skyscrapers joined together to structurally support each other- allowing for smaller footprints. Each building is a module able to be reconfigured in a variety of spatial patterns that could be implemented in any metropolis worldwide. Sky-Terra bridges over the existing high-density conglomeration of Tokyo. The transportation system in the ‘plazas’ is designed for pedestrians, electric cars, and bicycles. Everyone will enjoy clean air in this virtually endless park in the sky. The green roofs recollect rainwater for landscape irrigation.
