USE CASES AND OVERVIEWMore and more natural disasters happen annually across the world. When dealing with forces so powerful, standard means of crisis-management often prove to be inefficient. Whether certain region is struck by earthquake, flood or hurricane – help needs to arrive quickly. This is often easier to be said than done, as damages to transportation infrastructure or remote localization can make it extremely difficult. The Skyshelter.zip tries to address these issues by proposing structure that while offering large floor surface is compact, easy to transport anywhere and can be deployed with minimum amount of time and manpower requirements. It is meant to serve as multi-purpose hub for any relief operation. EASY TRANSPORTATIONThe Skyshelter.zip is extremely easy to move due to its unique qualities. The entire structure is foldable in a manner that resembles origami or accordion. This means it can be neatly packaged into single relatively small box with minimum height and base dimensions reduced to building’s footprint. Then such a package can be moved anywhere with help of helicopters commonly used by rescue teams and military in the event of a natural disasters. Because elements do not have to be transported in batches by trucks, it is easier and faster to reach zones cut off from the transportation network. SMALLER FOOTPRINTPerhaps the biggest advantage of stacking vertically all functions required in zone affected by natural disaster is reducing the area that is being occupied by them. Skyshelter.zip’s footprint is on average over 30 times smaller than area required to host typically used tents or containers. This means that much less cleanup work is required prior to setting up the camp. This is especially important in densely populated areas but elsewhere means that it is going to be possible to set up those temporary shelters closer to victims original homes. INSTANT DEPLOYMENTJust as easily as it can be transported, the Skyshelter.zip can be effortlessly and instantly deployed even on unstable soil. Little to none groundwork is required as after anchoring basic supports to the ground the structure unfolds thanks to large load-bearing helium balloon placed within (thus protected from external forces). This process is also easily reversible. Light-weight 3D-printed slabs are attached directly to balloon in succeeding manner and pulled upwards by its load-bearing force and structural steel wires that once strained are capable of resisting horizontal wind forces. In turn, internal and external walls are in fact pieces of fabric attached to slabs that unfold as the structure get deployed. SCALABILITY AND REPURPOSINGDepending on amount of gas poured into the balloon, one can control the number of floors that are unfolding. This way, with single, mass produced module it is possible to attend different-scale, unpredictable events. FUNCTIONSBased on particular cases’ needs various functions can be accommodated inside, including reception area, first aid area, temporary housing, storage and vertical farm that uses soil gathered during anchoring. Additional advantage of producing vertical emergency camp is its height, partially achieved thanks to the size of the balloon. It allows for the structure to serve as a landmark, visible from large distances helping guide people affected by catastrophe straight to the relief center. SUSTAINABILITY FEATURESTaking advantage of large external surface area, use of nanomaterial based on ETFE foil and infused with network of small perovskite solar cells was proposed. This way, the building is capable of producing clean energy especially needed in case of emergency. Similarly, balloon located on top is shaped in such a way, that rainwater is able to flow through its hollow center where it is being cleansed by specialized filters and collected for further use.
The objective of this proposal is to restore the traditional interactions between Jinja (Japanese Shinto Shrine) and local people by reterritorizing a busy urban corner in Ginza, Tokyo with a vertically organized Jinja cum rice-farming complex. In the past, Jinja and rice farming were the center of Japanese economy. The paddy field and Jinja complex also served as centers of everyday interaction. Many local Jinja not only housed the relevant Kami (deities) but also served as a warehouse for harvests.  Also, the biggest communal festival, Matsuri, happened during spring seeding and autumn harvesting. As cities expand, both rice farming and Jinja remains in the shadow of urban livings. Jinja complex is overshadowed by modern skyscrapers. However, more than two centuries ago, according to some ancient manuscripts, Izumo Shrine was said to be reaching 96m high above ground i.e. a historical origin of skyscraping Jinja. On the other hand, recent development in hydroponic farming technology makes vertical rice farming possible. Pitched roof of a Jinja can be converted to a stepped paddy field, which conforms the traditional idea of using organic roofing material in Jinja construction. During Shinto festival, the vertical Jinja served as the focal point during festive parade. The ceremony can be seen from a distance as compared to typical Jinja. The interconnected roofs served as stepped paddy farms and public access to various halls, creating a continuous landscape. A service Core consists of lift and escape staircase are provided for services and emergency.
Forest fires are one of the greatest agents of degradation of ecosystems in the world. Although fire is part of the natural dynamics of some habitats, large disturbances cause a deterioration of their functionalities. Fire modifies biogeochemical cycles, produces changes in vegetation, soil, fauna, hydrological and geomorphological processes, water quality and even changes in the composition of the atmosphere. Each of these elements puts at risk not only the existing geography, but also directly threatens population centers, putting at risk the lives of people, their goods, infrastructure, among other things. The 2016-2017 season of forest fires left a record of destruction never before recorded in the south-central zone of Chile. The consequences of the above were 5,244 fires with an impact of 569,989 hectares, 2,500 homes. The most serious case was the one in the town of Santa Olga, where the destruction exceeds 1,000 homes, destroying the entire city. Reconstruction is an indisputable subject, but the existing model of growth by expansion left a clear vulnerability within the territory. The degraded soils, and the decrease of the vegetation among other variables produced by this settlement model, were part of the factors that modified the natural conditions, leaving the sector vulnerable. WARIA LEMUY, forest city in Mapudungun (the native language of the sector). The proposal looks for a new way of inhabiting the territory, through a system of buildings at height, avoiding the effects of the old settlement model. The objective is to face the reconstruction from a new perspective, recover the lost housing and infrastructure, added to a restoration of the flora and biodiversity, through a system that prevents and mitigates future catastrophes., Through a renovating process that allows to coexist with the geography and the territory. Settlement. The system is positioned on the perimeter of the affected area, allowing to establish a network of routes, public spaces and wetlands rehabilitating the central area. Structure. A modular system is proposed, with embedded base on the ground, enabling an incremental methodology. The structure of the modules that consists of wooden elements, with a metallic supporting exterior structure, allowing panoramic terraces to be added, and including enclosures that act as water collectors, as fog or as rain. The interior facade allows the transfer of controlled light through alveolar polycarbonate panels, which allow ventilation modes on the interior. The main vertical route system consists of a staircase composed of tubular and straight sections, with the possibility of attaching a vertical profile that would allow the inclusion of automated systems. Program. It consists mostly of housing, followed by common double-height intermediate spaces, such as interior courtyards within a system that encourages coexistence. The modularity of the type of housing allows different ways, allowing the inclusion of apartments of different stocks. Functioning. A building with the capacity to interact with the environment is proposed, through a water catchment system, which is redirected and stored in pockets on the access perimeters. With the purpose of heating the building, increase the humidity of the sector and as a network irrigation system, which would accelerate the recovery of the affected flora. Prevention and mitigation. Formally the building is considered an element of prevention, acting as a beacon in the prevention of future catastrophic events. Its façade system allows cross ventilation of the building which slows down the major winds, its water storage system, and irrigation on the environment would allow the increase of the existing humidity, allowing both to control part of the most influential variables in the propagation of the forest fires.
Broadway in downtown Los Angeles was one of the most famous street in United States and had the highest concentration of cinemas in the world by 1930s. The ornamental baroque style theaters witnessed the prosperity of Broadway in the past. However, with the decline of downtown and the migration of entertainment industry to Hollywood, Broadway became an abandoned area in downtown and is perceived as a dangerous location at night. This proposal is aimed to revitalize the Broadway theater district and explore a universal strategy to preserve and renovate the historic downtown area.
The “Sand Dam”, built in the edge of Cairo, Egypt that border the desert, is a wall which blocks the blowing sand or even the sandstorms. In addition to alleviating the land desertification and the inconvenience of  people’s life caused by the blowing sand and the Khamsin, the “Sand Dam” can also slow down the urban expansion due to the overpopulation of Cairo. Khamsin , more commonly known in Egypt as khamaseen, is a dry, hot, sandy local wind, blowing from the south, in North Africa and the Arabian Peninsula. The“Sand Dam”is a high-rise which can move regularly because of the tank track at the bottom of the huge racks and walls. The huge dam can be called as an anti-desertification wall, as it can increase the city area as well as the cultivated area by moving outwards until the soil inside the wall reaches steady state. With this process happens periodically, people can make use of the sandstorm and the Khamsin in Egypt to get the wind power. Moreover, a cement factory built in the middle of the “Sand Dam” can also take advantage of the local materials, which may solve the employment problem in the slum area. To find the relationship between public space and private space in high-rise buildings, we referred to the concentric circle theory of urban planning. This relationship is reflected in the facade which face the city. The center of the cluster, which is corresponded to the air outlet of the desert facade in the section, is kind of a city park as the space here is the most public. The filter intercepts the sand in the wind as well as reduces the wind in order to maintain the thermal comfort.
 The beginning of the Timber AgeCan high rise architecture act as a mechanism to manifest low carbon materials and environmental design principles allowing our cities to breathe? In recent years, the scarcity of natural resources tied with a push for greener construction methodologies has started to change perceptions of mass timber construction systems. Global Government and industry led initiatives into improving the sustainability and Carbon efficiencies of construction partnered with technological advancements in timber technologies will result in a rise of tall timber structures. The project explores the possibilities of using timber for the creation of high rise architecture by carefully considering material sourcing, structural performance, environment, digital design and off site fabrication issues. Implementing prefabricated timber systems not only reduces carbon emissions when compared with steel and concrete, but instead captures embodied carbon within the timber itself. The rule of thumb is that an average 1m3 of timber can store 1 ton of co2. This means that architectural interventions within the built environment can act as Carbon sinks thus improving the sustainability of our cities.
This is a skyscraper that aims to rejuvenate the indigenous salt farming community of the great Rann in Gujarat, India, namely, the Agariyas. The project seeks to become an architectural epitome that caters to the future and ambitions of the region by utilizing the abundant salt as the building block of the community’s macrocosm.An ecological and social renaissance for the people of the cursed land has been sought for by providing them a structure which endeavours to achieve better opportunities for the people. THE WHITE DESOLATIONThe vast expanse of the salt marsh is characterized by myriad salt pans disseminated with makeshift shacks. Inter societal islands arise due to isolated pattern of settlement. An absolute absence of social and physical infrastructure is observed which renders the community incapable of mutual learning. Deteriorating health because of long exposure to immense salt and solar concentration further intensifies it. The salt marsh betrays the community every monsoon, because the fields become completely submerged in water, making annual migration necessary. HABITAT ASSIMILATIONThe project induces community interaction and interdependence, coupled with efficient service delivery. Standard, systematic and non-intermittent salt production throughout the year due to juxtaposed functions which provide ease in the output cycle. Integration of vacuum evaporation plant with the building gives rise to an effortless method of production. Forging a resilient, permanent and sustainable setup with increased dependence of solar power creates a heterogeneous yet admissible ecosystem for the community. An increment in the efficiency of salt production from solar evaporation through introduction of novel methodology, machinery and community training boosts the comprehensive output.
Story Civilization 0.000 is a high tech structure, placed at Cape Horn in Southern Chile, that uses locally available renewable energy sources to generate electricity. Making use of the ample wind, wave, and tidal energy of this region, the structure would utilize a combination of 19 wind turbines, 4 wave power plants, and 6 tidal power turbines to create 100 million kWh of renewable energy each year. However the electricity production is only one of many important functions such as living space, education, resource management, energy storage, research and engineering. Cape Horn – The first 0.000 unitThe first ever designed 0.000 unit will be placed at Cape Horn, the southernmost headland of the Tierra del Fuego archipelago of southern Chile. This unit will be specialized in generating electricity. If we take a look on the global energy maps, we’ll recognize the enormous amount of wind-, wave-, and tidal energy concentrated in this area. The choice to design the first 0.000 unit there is almost self-explanatory. DesignForm follows force – There are three main forces, that define the whole structure – wind, wave & tidal energy. Through a series of different experiments and optimizations according its aqua- and aerodynamic features, the building is composed of three main structural and functional areas – tower, platform & tidal power station.
Yemen is one of the poorest countries in the world. The armed conflicts raging for several months are deteriorating an already critical situation. In addition to causing terrible human suffering, these attacks are destroying Yemen’s unique cultural heritage, which is the repository of people’s identity. Yemen has architectural masterpieces. Shibam is probably the most emblematic example of them. The 16th-century Walled City of Shibam remains the oldest metropolis in the world to use vertical construction, this construction is called « tower houses». The mud-brick high-rises, which stretch up to seven stories high, were constructed from the fertile soil surrounding the city. One of Unesco’s experts, Jacques Heyman, stresses the urgency of the situation : «Today almost nothing has been done to stop the ruin of this city, which is accelerating. If Shibalm is not restored immediately there won’t be much left to restore in 10 years’ time ». It seemed essential to put a spotlight on this threatened city. We must reverse the situation ! The idea is not to resolve an international conflict but to project into a peaceful future. The idea is to propose a sustainable extension of the city of Shibam. The development of the city is both constrained by its ramparts and by the constructive boundary of the mud-brick. The extension of the city is limited both horizontally and vertically. The only possible solution is in the ground itself. The idea is to dig the existing streets. The new Shibam, a natural extension of tower houses, are all roots that directly use the richness of the ground : the heat of the depths, the water of the groundwater, the thermal inertia of the ground, the mud as material and the depths as architecture. The tower is extended from a tower-house to a true skyscraper. Using existing resources under the city, Shibam steers clear from Yemen’s extreme import dependence. Mud construction requires heavy maintenance. Each year, a new layer of mud must be applied on the facades of the tower-houses. That one will be directly extracted from the underground extensions of Shibam. The annual renovation of the facade dictates the pace of the extension of the city at a rate of one meter per year. The existing connective bridges and doors between buildings used to provide a means of quick escape. The idea is to multiply the number of bridges to build a new network that would replace the one of the existing streets. In a peaceful Yemen, the development of the city will be strong but difficult to anticipate. That’s why the proposed expansion model offers a great deal of flexibility.
 A POST-WORK, POST-CAPITALISM WORLDHong Kong, in the near future, where automation has taken control to the full extend. A place where A.I and Robot have replaced 90% of the works. A universal basic income system has been delivered for all unemployed citizens. Human kind progress to a new kind of society: a post-work, post-capitalism world. As most of the white-collar jobs are fully automated, office towers will become useless and empty. However, the need for housing is never reduced. Indeed, since most people have no works, they will spend more time at home and enjoy their freedom. In exchange, people’s hobbies will turn to become their main activities. Thus, this lead to a mass reduction in office spaces, but an increment in housing space. Therefore, a logical policy from the autonomous governments will be executed to re-occupy, renovate and re-alter office towers to become a new type of housing for people, a truly bottom-up approach which create dynamic and democratic community across the ex-economical area of Hong Kong. AN AUTONOMOUS SYSTEMIn 2050, banking has turned to be fully online and autonomous. Bank Organization has started their campaign to give back the empty office space to the state. The state has deployed a strategy to re-distribute housing people from an overcrowded area, such as Kowloon into the center of ex-economical area, which now is becoming vacant. The Bank of China Tower, which was once described as a symbol of the capitalist forces, are now depicted to be one of the first structure to imply this democratic bottom-up housing strategy.
Have you ever thought about a life without water? If you think of the forest desertification image that you saw through YouTube, you can see little impact of water on human life. It is not well known that when water is not available, it contravenes water human rights, such as discrimination and a threat to safety, and can’t escape from poverty. In particular, water is more than just a drink in India. Every Indian loves their river, crossing over the religions and languages of the times. Before daybreak, Hindus take a bath and pray in the nearby river, they wash themselves with bronze water bottles as a religious ceremony. When religious festivals are held, tens of millions of people in the city are bring together. Despite efforts to solve the water system, which is based on international and India domestic law, India’s water demand appears to have failed to meet the demand. As urban population continues to grow with the rapid industrialization, additional 1.5 percent of waste water per day for each increasing in population has been made. Water pollution is serious in India, as the sewage treatment facility can only handle 30 percent of the total waste water and the huge volume of waste water is poured into rivers every year. Furthermore, the long lasting culture in India has accelerated river pollution. Therefore, we propose skyscrapers, including rivers, which are considered sacred to Indians as a way to build a water infrastructure in India. Indians can see rivers in high places and feel a hierarchy of rivers, and other people think of the Monumental meaning of rivers that Indians have. This demonstrates the potential of skyscrapers as an Indian infrastructure. The building cleans water came from the outside, fills in water from inside, and provides drinking water outside gradually. Water transported externally to each village is transferred via the units, and pipes and units form a wide network throughout the country. Ultimately, the project aims to increase the Indian’s water rights through water infrastructure.
Blocks in Manhattan are like small fortresses. The high dense development has rendered the whole block to become an interiorized space. There are only a few entrances to these 243,000 square feet of space and it does not lead you to a public space. Is there any way to develop these blocks in New York to have more connections to the community and become less isolated? And could there be a strategy to achieve that while making the block even denser? The Columbia University campus in upper Manhattan has a potential possibility to achieve this strategy. Although the block of Columbia University has a strong formal boundary than other blocks in New York, because of the intention of Mckim, Mead & White, who wanted to make the inside of the block comparable to the surrounding, it acknowledges the necessity of providing their space to the public, and developing the block as a whole. On the boundary of the campus, there are ascending entrances to enrich the feeling of spatial shift, and makes the contrast more distinctive between the mundane streets and the open campus. This strategy could go further and create an unexpected open space by filling up and connecting the space in between buildings on the boundary. 
We propose a skyscraper to get fresh water from the waters using the principles of nature. This building has a form that can best collect water vapor condensed in the sea. The condensed water flows to the stem through the trumpet and is fed to a vertically stacked farm. To reduce discarded water, the water used in each layer is used again in the lower layer after some water purification. The water used up to the ground level is stored in the lower part of the building after being purified. The stored water and harvested crops are transported to the ground through the ship. Utilizing the power of water falling from a height of about 2 km, hydroelectric power is generated inside the stem to produce energy.
The skyscraper aims to generate a solution for the unprecedented air pollution in Tehran, Iran by combining several innovative technologies in one. Tehran’s air pollution has been a decade-old issue, which has exponentially increased, in recent years. On average, one person dies of air pollution causes at every two hours, and people have been chocking to death from the air they inhale. The most significant causes of pollution in Tehran are the overwhelming number of vehicles, loose inspection regulations, high immigration from villages into the capital, non-standard gasoline, and most importantly the topography of Tehran. The deep topography is due to the mountains surrounding the city. This has resulted in the air being trapped. The site has been picked in the center of Tehran where the air pollution is the most concentrated and the topography is at its deepest. With this aim, the suggested skyscraper would create a new chain system between smartphones, pollution, and architecture. The most important factor is the involvement of people in the appearance of the skyscraper and the amount of data received from the people (through their smartphones) to fight pollution. This is done through an app, which syncs in real time with the skyscraper, creating a spatio-temporal system of visual and spatial syncing between pollution and architecture, through the people. The app provides different services for the exterior and the interior of the skyscraper on smartphones. The facade of the project is equipped with the quantum stealth material technology, which bends light to create invisibility, in accordance with the level of pollution. The data received form the various directions would be translated into the facade of the architecture. The amount of pollution directly affects the visibility of the architecture. The less pollution there is, the less visible the skyscraper would be since it is in a de-activated state. As the amount of pollution starts to rise, the architecture unhides and is activated in order to fight pollution through the diffusion of catalytic converters infused in a capsule.
Aviation has made the world a smaller place. A century ago it would take weeks to travel across a continent by rail, and months to traverse the oceans by ship; today, travelers can cross an ocean in a matter of hours and circumnavigate the globe in a few short days. As air travel has shrunk the world, however, aviation infrastructure has expanded exponentially. Today’s airports use a massive amount of space for terminals, concourses, taxiways, and runways.  This growth is compounded by the surrounding roads and highways feeding into, out of, and around these sprawling airport complexes. Moreover, airports are often hemmed in by the surrounding infrastructure, limiting future growth and complicating current designs. The use of verticality of structures, while not new, opens up new opportunities for development and expansion of airports into smaller footprints, leaving more available land for green space as well as for other development possibilities.  Future airports can take advantage of verticality to reduce their land use. Verticality is not just for infrastructure; it is also the wave of the future for aircraft as well. Vertical takeoff and propulsion systems in future aircraft will minimize the need for the kinds of taxiways and runways that are omnipresent in today’s airports. Eliminating or minimizing the use of paved spaces will allow the available land to be used for alterative purposes, from green spaces and parklands to commercial and agricultural development. This reduction in paved spaces will have other benefits as well, including a reduction in the heat sinks seen in today’s cities and other developed areas. Applying verticality to the development of future airports (or, for that matter, to redesigning existing airports) will fundamentally alter not just the way airports are designed, but how those developed spaces are used. The typology of today’s airports is focused on air travel first, with other uses, such as commercial spaces, largely serving as afterthoughts. Verticality will promote mixed-typology development, and future airports could include such things as farmer’s markets, farming factories, shopping malls, farming schools, aquaponics facilities and desalination plants. Airports designed around verticality would no longer have to be confined to the very outer reaches of urban areas and could be located closer to urban activities and populations. Local customers will avail themselves of the shopping malls and farmer’s markets. Onsite farm factories will produce goods for the airport markets, and schools located in the complex will provide agricultural education opportunities for both children and adult students in the region. An onsite artificial lake in the base of the structure could function as a water storage area connected via canals and subterranean tunnels to nearby bodies of water such as bays and even oceans. Using desalination, aquaponics and other processes, such an approach would open-up a wealth of potential for raising and harvesting fish, providing fresh water for onsite agriculture, and even drinking water for residents in the region.
Design backgroundAs the population increases and the global aging accelerates, the cities with dense population are facing the problems of fewer graveyard resources. Japan is the country with the highest level of aging in the world. In Tokyo, the capital of Japan, the problem is even worse. Recent research shows that the average age in Tokyo is growing rapidly, with nearly 25% of people over the age of 65. At the same time, more and more rural young residents are coming to Tokyo, which exacerbated the scarcity of resources in Tokyo. Meanwhile, the price of graveyard in Tokyo is so high that it costs more than 4,000 U.S. dollars per square meter, which is hard to bear for a Japanese citizen. As a result, most poor people cannot afford a graveyard to place their own relics and loved ones. The significance of building vertical cemetery: to build a place of spiritual comfort for the living relativesDuring the time we grown up, we were told the story about the people after death: their sprits rise to the sky, becoming a shining star. They are watching your life, your progress as well as your life-long career, which endow you the motivation to face the challenge. Based on the humane care for the bereaved family members, we are not only building a place to store the remains and ashes of the dead, but also building a place of spiritual comfort for the living relatives. To this extent, they never pass away. Death is not the end of life. Being Forgotten is.
Water scarcity is currently one of the major issues of the 21st Century. International conflict about Blue Gold has already arisen and is expected only to increase. Nowadays, over one-third of world’s population lives in water-stressed countries. In addition to population growth, it has been reported that another important cause of water crisis is climate change and its impact on the global water system and the environment. Glaciers, as the primary reservoir of potable water, influence global water management and marine currents. Their melting significantly increase water temperature and decrease its salinity. According to the National Oceanic an Atmospheric Administration global temperatures have been increasing steadily for the past 100 years and it is expected to continue to grow. Anticipated increase of only two degrees will cause vast of marine species stop reproducing and eventually vanish forever. Water, water everywhere, nor any drop to drinkEven though most of the Earth is covered by water, only 3% of its resources is potable. The only way to increase water supply are water reuse and desalination, whereas seawater desalination tends to be unlimited and eco-friendly. Currently the most popular desalination method is reversed. However, it still generates some inconveniences and one of its alternatives is freeze-thaw method. Freeze-thaw desalination is based on the fact that ice crystals formed are made up of substantially pure water. As saline water freezing point is lower, brine remains fluid. On the contrary to reversed osmosis freezing does not require high pressure difference thus the costs of the pump and membrane can be reduced. Furthermore, freeze-thaw method has lower energy demand and because of a low operating temperature it minimizes corrosion and metallurgical problems.
The UN is warning that melting polar ice due to global warming will ultimately redraw the world map within a century. One of the biggest resulting threats around the world is sea-level rise affecting many coastal megapolises, including Shanghai, Osaka, Alexandria, Saint-Petersburg, New York , London etc., and even devastating overpopulated countries such as Bangladesh. Building our cities vertically seems to be the key to salvation not only for coastal population but also for human civilization in general, as the vertical urbanization is the only way to save the land (main natural resource of the planet) from the plague of expanding horizontal urbanization. Stacking the urban blocks with associated infrastructure, recreation and parkland in a third dimension in multiple tiers and levels can increase the city density without compromising life quality and standards and even improving them at height with fresher air, better daylighting and spectacular views. Project 1111 is the 1111-metres high sustainable vertical city with over 300 floors stacked in fifteen 20-storey tiers with hanging gardens and parks. Based on hexagon plan with 6 wings attached to spiral hexagon structure it creates the mix of transportation modes, including highways for cars (that can drive up to the top level), vertical transportation (zonal elevators and transiting express shuttles), airborne (copters/drones) and vacuum tube trains.  The 350,000 population at 10,5 million sq.m. of total gross area (or 30m2 per capita – the comfortable living standards for a vertical urban habitat) are accommodated at 1.4km2 land plot. Unlike many futuristic paper concepts this is a first really buildable vertical city designed for many years of phased development without waiting for final completion, where safe and sustainable life and functioning of lower tiers are not obstructed by continuing works on upper tiers due to spiral construction sequence and simple technology of linear construction site. Spiralling sky-bridges at 1:20 slope allow the circulation of trucks and construction cranes during erection process : cranes move up the spiral inclined sky-bridges from building to building on completion of one tower structure to the other, and trucks can easily deliver the construction materials by the spiral highways arranged within the hollow sky-bridges structure(with few lanes in two levels in each direction), so the internal transportation between tiers, blocks and buildings  remains to be conventional in a way, that each building can be accessed by car, taxi, ambulance and fire truck by the same highway road that during construction process was used for delivery of materials/equipment as well as for cranes moving up their spiral path.
The Mid-Atlantic Ridge (MAR) is a divergent tectonic plate or constructive plate boundary located along the floor of the Atlantic Ocean. The Mid-Atlantic Ridge includes a deep rift valley that runs along the axis of the ridge along nearly its entire length. This rift marks the actual boundary between adjacent tectonic plates, where magma from the mantle reaches the seafloor, erupting as lava, producing new crustal material for the plates and holding the only connection between the separating plates from being apart. NYC, as a metropolis, has offered so much promise of either career or day-to-day life. Being a hub where millions of commuting workers, local residents, and visitors interact with each other, during the day and at night, providing the city with an energy generated from the exchange of ideas and knowledge through social interactions, Manhattan’s status as transaction-maximizing place is made possible by its remarkable carrying capacity. However, the increasing load of Manhattan prevents people’s residence in this place, challenges local workers’ everyday commute, and makes New York Dream unattainable. Traveling to and from work should be easy, efficient, and allow you to focus on what matters: your job; while, based on a survey, full-time workers in New York City spend about two hours more per week commuting — an average of 6 hours and 18 minutes per week – which is almost like another 8 hours work day. Work longer hours. Spend more time on subways and buses. Can’t even afford to live here. According to a latest survey, 82% of Manhattan-bound commuters take public transit to work from the city’s outer boroughs, or from Newark, Jersey City. In comparison, commuting trips among Manhattan residents is more multimodal in nature, since the lengths of commutes are more manageable, and residents also have better access to the city’s extensive taxi and limousine network. People who work in Manhattan deserve a home in Manhattan. Manhattan has been over exploited and one can hardly find usable land to build new residential buildings. By introducing new type of land resource to Manhattan, people will be given new type of space to reside and live.
 The city of Detroit has one of the highest crime rates in the U.S, having said that, the U.S.A has 5% of the world’s prisoner population. With people abandoning Detroit after once being an economic hub in the past. The economy of Detroit is crumbling. According to the U.S. Bureau of Prisons, the average annual cost of incarceration in Federal prisons in 2010 was $28,284 per inmate. With inmates being seen as an economic burden to taxpayers, it is logical to rethink incarceration methods in the U.S.A. This is where the idea of production comes into play. The aim is to allow the inmates to serve their jail time while still being a labour force in the economy.
The earth is full of volcanoes, and the occasional eruption of volcanoes has caused a lot of trouble, and has been accompanied by a lot of energy release. Solving the problem of volcanic eruption and using the energy of volcanoes is the concept of our design. Volcanic eruption is due to the magma underneath the pressure is too large, we through unceasingly magma Wells out of the magma of energy, so, in the magma energy will never reach the state of the eruption. Obtaining energy through a magma well requires overcoming the following four points. First of all, the depth of the magma well needs to reach five kilometers, which requires a lot of technology. Second, in the process of obtaining energy, carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide and other gases will be emitted, so the building USES green plants such as algae to absorb carbon dioxide and other gases. The third point, the conservation of energy, is the way the building USES energy blocks to solve more volcanic eruptions. In order to deal with the problem of gas pressure balance and building flight, a special biofilm structure was designed. The air inside and outside can be exchanged through biofilms. It can also be inflated in the middle of the biofilm, and when all the membrane structures are filled with gas, it provides the power to fly the building.
In 2017, the Hong Kong tops the world chart with 7687 high-risers and 303 skyscrapers. The city’s verticality is a direct result of its extreme density and land scarcity. According to Civic Exchange the average open space available for each Hongkonger is the size of a coffin or a toilet cubicle (8 sq. ft.) This lack of space is considered to have damaging effects on generations of Hong Kong. In a city of 7 million people, many Hongkongers are being ensconced in tiny enclosed spaces, suspended hundreds of feet above the social realm with nowhere to unwind, express, relax and interact with their community. How can we provide open space to people in a city that has already been so dense and filled up with skyscrapers? My proposal is an elevated, mega-cluster of open spaces that attempts to span the entire area of the densest neighborhood in Hong Kong – Mong Kok. The aim of this project is to provide Hongkongers in Mong Kok with a network of public open spaces that are highly accessible and multi-functional to compensate for the city’s severe lack of land and cramped living condition. Hover above the city, the new structure will be supported by the city’s own skyscrapers and high-risers. The core of these buildings will be extended up to serve as structural columns for the new mega-structure. Together with the core, vertical circulation will also be extended up, allowing occupants from these buildings to have direct access to the space without leaving their apartments.
Natural resources varies from one place to another, among these is natural stone (rock) used mainly in construction and buildings.  A high percentage of these quarries are spreading randomly in the City of Amman / Jordan in an unstructured manner.  They have become an environmental threat to the city’s urban fabric, which requires to find a solution for this problem. The project will be designed to rehabilitate an old quarry in Amman, by transforming it into a traditional and cultural Mixed-use Skyscraper on the quarry’s site, by transfer this site into an eco-bridge in order to reconnect the parts of the city separated by these quarries. IntroductionAs soon as the quarries are drained, they usually become deserted and neglected. Abandoned Quarries Impact:
As the world population grows and cities usually expand into the surrounding areas, or because of static infrastructure form way too high urban densities, the question arises what alternatives we have at the latest after exhaustion of land reserves. The proposed project entitled “E Mare Libertas” (Latin, for Freedom from the Sea) provides a scenario of a vertically packed settlement in the port of Singapore, a state that has already exploited 92% of its building land and that is forced to create new land artificially. The creation of open spaces on the water, the idea of energetic self-sufficiency, a modular construction system and the inclusion of privacy represent design challenges that are playing extremely with the tension between density and freedom. With this work, the author tries to point out the problem of our demographic future on an urban scale and to embed it in a proposal for the development of the remaining 70% of the world surface.
Several years after World War III, a global war breaks out between countries in the world to fight for exhausting petroleum resource. Use of large amount of nuclear weapons in late war resulted in destruction of whole ecological environment in the earth. Most particles produced by nuclear explosion has size less than 1 micron floating in the air for tens of years to severely influence environmental temperature of the earth, so a scene like biter cold winter will appear on the earth – “nuclear winter”. Damaged by nuclear weapon, the ecological circle is destructed and people cannot live on the earth’s surface, so we propose the “central survival of people” boldly. Facing long time span damage caused by nuclear pollution, people need to live underground temporarily and restore ground environment, meanwhile, people need to contact outer space closely to explore new planets suitable for people to live. Individual lifesaving building, with most volume underground, has spiral lift device according to restoration condition of ground, providing living environment isolating nuclear pollution size a small city for survivors, with top space mainly used for takeoff and landing of Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), green plant and space purification. UAV carries chemicals to purify and reclaim soil and sow seed, giving the earth life while purifying environment. Water in the air is collected through top condensing tube and stored in storage device, they are transported through pipe to be used for green plant and people’s life. Lower film structure turn CO2 to O2 while purifying dust and air.
In Buddhist culture, there is a saying called “reincarnation” which believes that the death of life is actually a fresh new start. It is not only a renewal of life and the eternity of spirit, but also a new starting point of a legend. Every mortal dies eventually. Cemetery is often considered as the place where the deceased rest after their life comes to an end, however, the end of life does not mean virtually meaningless sleep underground. It is not only the place where the living remember the deceased, but also a station where the latter can reincarnate and continue to give back to nature and the living with a different form of life. Based on the foregoing, in this case we put forward the idea of using the cremains of the dead as the nutrients for seed germination to symbolize the reincarnation of life by the process of seed germinating and growing, whilst minor parts of the plant, through sampling, processing and design, can also become a present for the living who would feel that the deceased are still around them.
By 2300 the Arctic north will no longer be a sequestered, seemingly uninhabitable, frontier – with a projected annually averaged temperature increase of 15 degrees Fahrenheit by 2099 (GlobalChange) – as two-thirds of the world will become uninhabitable. (CleanTechnica) (IPCC) (NCA) In recent years – due to climate change and rapid warming of the polls leading to large ice melt – the Northwest Passage has become navigable during the warmer months. In conjunction with this occurrence the permafrost has begun to thaw. This has lead to an array of corporate interest in the region – ranging from oil, mineral, shipping, and tourist entities, as well as, nations attempting to pioneer the circumpolar territory. (ENR) Now the land and sea of the Arctic north is one of the most contentious geo-political campaigns of our time that will inexorably impact the world in coming centuries – in some ways malignant and in others benevolent. This project addresses those concerns with an initiation of the paradoxes being enacted on the region, and what the project presumes will occur in the projected future. These paradoxes and dialectics, from our observation, include: ?      the site initially being a tourist destination which becomes a necessary area of migration
What do we miss from our current city? Large metropolitan areas such as Manhattan, Hong Kong and Tokyo have a dynamic culture and environment which attracts and sustains a lot of people. These areas are international hubs for commerce and the government. As the number of cities and urban population grow, not only does the demographic change but also its social, economic and psychological shape alters constituting demographics changes. Despite big cities having its fascinating sides, it brings with it significant disadvantages caused by the demographic changes and urbanization. It reduces the available green space and creates higher greenhouse gas emission and also affects mental health through the influence of increased stressors and factors such as overcrowding, pollution, high levels of violence, less ‘human fitting environment’ and lack of social support etc. According to ARCADIS Consultancy, there are 3 main benchmarks in being a sustainable city. Quality of life, Green factors and Economic health. Here is where the problems rises. Many of those metropolitan areas have such a high ratings on the latest indicators yet the quality of life(people) ratings is very low. City planning, urbanization, advanced technologies all made the city greater however, it seems to have less consideration in ‘us’. It is critical to construct more facilities and infrastructure whilst not overlooking the importance of the higher number of demographics, their diversities and how they feel in the city. Moreover, from an architectural perspective, the modern high-rise buildings are shaped differently from natural human form or lives. Those heavy and high volumes with vertical lines as well as programs for commerce represents de-humanity. The vertical buildings disconnect people from their environment. On the other hand, a village’s horizontal and natural form seems have more connections to human beings.
BackgroundSince the rapid evolvement of 3D-printing technology, inevitably this technology will take a significant role in industrial projections. In a near future, as lifestyle evolves, new urban spaces, and therefore, city structures would be required. This new mode of production system will greatly shorten the distance between consumer and manufacturer, and provide wider options for urban services. The building 3D-printing system we are proposing for the future society will have similarities to the printers currently using paper. Like paper printers, this “Building 3D Printing System” should vary based on user groups, ranging form family to enterprise, or to an entire society. It can be as commonly owned as a paper printer, and just as easy to use with installed spatial cartridges, as building materials. Furthermore, the “cartridge” itself carries another “Crater to Crater” life circle as a part to the entire sustainable scheme. ConceptColor Printer’s cartridge has 4 colors of ink to print colorful picture, 3d printer’s cartridge need seven kinds of material to print a diversity of product. Glass, metal, plastic, silicone, wood fiber, carbon fiber, these materials can cover 98% of the building production. Analogy to the” home printer -community print shop-large print shop” system, we can build the following mode: For printer in home—cartridge built-in 3 kinds of materials to meet daily needsFor community 3d printing shop: Cartridge built-in 5 kinds of materials (print time is similar to the laundry time in the laundry)For 3d print center: cartridge built-in all 7 kind of materials, can meet all the demands
Though a socialist country, there are some unequal phenomena in People’ Republic of China. Liulin is a small county along Yellow River in Shanxi Province of People’s Republic of China. With its abundant coal resources underground, the county has developed rapidly and its urban area has been expanded fast within recent decades. Especially in the past ten years, the gap between rich and poor is growing greatly with its coal prices rising, which has been embodied distinctly in the urban space. This project is intended to design a complex building which reflects equality and ensures everyone to be treated equally. The development of human society is full of various unfair phenomena, but mankind has never given up its pursuit of equality and equality has also manifested itself in many aspects with the development of society. This design starts from the equality of 12 aspects, and studies its realistic or imaginary space of equality, refining the prototype of the space and getting the basic elements of designing this building.
