Some studies reveal that post-release offenses are very high and that criminal’s imprisonment is just a temporal solution because they do not have the opportunity to rehabilitate in a desirable community. This project examines the possibility of creating a vertical prison in the sky where inmates will have to work and live in a community that will contribute to the host city below. The prison will have agricultural fields, factories, and recyclable plants that will be operated by the offenders as a way to give back to the community. They will live “free” until they have completed their sentence and are prepared to rejoin their communities. The vertical prison has its own transportation system which consists of different “pods” for officers, prisoners, firefighters, and other workers.
The city of Jakarta, Indonesia, was originally designed in the confluence of thirteen rivers which were used for transportation and agriculture. The largest of its rivers is The Ciliwung River, which has been extremely polluted during the last couple of decades, characterizes by hundreds of slums inhabited by thousands of people in marginal conditions. The Ciliwung Recovery Program (CRP) is a project that aims to collect the garbage of the riverbank and purify its water through an ingenious system of mega-filters that operate in three different phases. The first one separates the different types of garbage and utilizes the organic one to fertilize its soil. The second phase purifies the water by removing dangerous chemicals and adding important minerals to it. The clean water is then fed to th One of the most important aspects of this proposal is the elimination of the slums along the river. The majority of the people will live and work at the CRP which could be understood as new city within Jakarta. The CRP project will be a 100 percent sustainable building that will produce energy through wind, solar, and hydroelectric systems.  e river and to the nearby agricultural fields through a system of capillary tubes.  Finally in the third phase all the recyclable waste is processed.
The Nested Skyscraper adapts to climatic, urban, and programmatic conditions with the use of advanced materials and robotic construction. Its form and building method derive from the carbon sleeves and fiber-laced concrete performance. It is a composition of multiple layers of louvers which thicken and rotate according to solar and wind exposure. The construction method consists of a series of robots that stretch a network of carbon sleeves that are sprayed with fiber-laced concrete to create a primary structure. A second set of robots wraps the structure with a steel mesh for lateral movements and increase or decrease its density according to structural and programmatic needs. The resulting structure of “nests” is a hybrid of compressive and tensile elements that frees the skyscraper typology from the rigid multiplication of floor plates. This prototype was designed as a fashion boutique for Tokyo; a city of extreme climate, density, and earthquakes. It explores the use of advanced materials and robotic construction to re-imagine the skyscraper.
Some of the inspirations for this project are the classical Chinese landscape paintings of the Lijiang River, the natural environment, and the culture and traditions of the local ethnic groups. The main idea is to create sustainable towers for people seeking solitude and meditation. Among the different programs there are agricultural fields, terraces for meditation, housing, and recreational parks. The towers are carefully designed to be integrated to the landscape and to provide a proper place to live and work for the different groups along the Lijiang River. It was designed with the use of three dimensional voronoi patterns that follow the configuration logic of the immediate landscape.
The Sky Table is a large horizontal building suspended above six blocks of an abandoned neighborhood of a generic city. Its primary structure is a steel mesh that peels into four colossal columns that connect to plazas and parks at street level. Due to its large scale and the variety of programs this proposal could be considered a city within a city where offices are located inside the pillars, housing is available in ten levels within the platform and recreational areas cover the entire roof level. Many green technologies are integrated; a recycle plant and gas tank is located underground below the main columns. Solar panels are located on the roof level along with wind turbines which are also used below the steel mesh where the aerodynamic shape of the building will direct fast air currents.
One of the most discussed topics in Italian politics is the construction of a bridge over the Strait of Messina which will link Sicily to the main land. The shorter distance between the cities of Messina  and Reggio Calabria is 3,150 meters and the average sea depth is between 80 and 120 meters. In 1968 the Italian Road and Motorway Network held a competition to design this bridge and the winning project “Future Metropolis of the Strait” by Alberto and Giuseppe Samoná considered both areas a single entity and proposed one city on both shores. The main idea of our project is to further develop their concept and design this bridge as a skyscraper and a place to live. The building is configured as a modular three-dimensional grid that rises from a hollow platform below the sea level. The volumes are articulated according to different functions such as residences, public spaces, and cultural and entertainment areas.
Vertical Confluence is a contemporary skyscraper that integrates to Paris’s historical urban fabric. The volume morphs according to its program and relationship with the existing urban spaces and landscape. The lower volume contains an auditorium and an open-air theatre facing the Seine River. In the middle there is a public library with views toward Paris’s biggest green space known as “The Bois de Vincennes”. In the upper levels, facing the city’s skyline, there is a museum, a restaurant, and a café.
Cities like Dubai and Seoul are developing hundreds of extravagant skyscrapers as way to express their economic prosperity and geopolitical power. Architecture has been transformed into a marketing tool for individuals, corporations, and countries in which, unfortunately, there is a lack of responsibility towards the existing urban fabric and the environment. This proposal departs from formalism and focuses on the interaction between programs and the transformation of the building volume according to its relationship with the inhabitants, the city, and the landscape. The structure consists of three main building blocks for housing, offices, and gardens. There is a set of rules to plug each block and optimize the space while creating a novel program distribution. The result is a porous tower with gardens and terraces distributed throughout the entire building. An environmentaly responsible cladding is equipped with photovoltaic panels and manual windows.
During the last couple of decades, Paris, like any other major city has exponentially grown. Nowadays it requires 70,000 new homes per year; a situation that has created a lot of controversy as urban planners propose skyscrapers and Parisians drastically refuse to change their beloved city. Paris is a city of low buildings that recognizes street life and human scale as one of its most important aspects. The few skyscrapers located in La Defénse have been criticized and almost no one believes that skyscrapers could be the solution to their housing problem. This project proposes a possible solution by creating a city-like skyscraper that takes Paris’s street life to the sky. The volume of the entire building is fragmented by a spatial ribbon that begins at street level and moves upward to create community areas, restaurants, auditoriums, parks, and cultural spaces.
Beyond Manhattanism The New York design and development community arguably has been the leading international nexus for innovation in skyscraper design over the past 150 years. Roughly every other generation, in interaction with changing technology, design theory and zoning codes, it has innovated a new building type. We leverage existing NYC zoning, and rearrange the traditional elements of the city to produce a new skyscraper: the Elevated Street and Plaza Skyscraper. Call and Response CyclesInnovation in skyscrapper design proceeds through a call and response dialogue between zoning and building type. First, an existing building type is called into question by technological change, or health and safety concerns. As part of the public discourse around these issues, architects begin to reform the existing building type, eventually developing a new “better” building type. This discourse (including design experenentation) leads to the revision of building and zoning regulations. 
The ubiquity of the high density residential podium city typology throughout Hong Kong has made it one of the densest cities in the world.  The typical podium city consists of a huge mega-block shopping mall (in plinth form) with 8 to 16 high-rise residential towers sitting on top.  Upscale podium cities have resort like amenities on the surface of the plinth such as spas, tennis courts, and giant swimming pools.   These amenities, while a primary selling point, are in fact rarely used by the residents, particularly in comparison to public amenities located in the rest of the city.  The overwhelming genericness of the actual residential units themselves has caused developers to advertise the buildings as a chic lifestyle choice rather than focus on the details of the actual living space.  The podium cities’ relentless high density efficiency has destroyed street life in the areas where they are located and eat up huge amounts of potential public space with their underutilized private amenities. The intent of Double Stuffed: Scale vs. Size is to redesign the podium city in order to maximize the use of space for both the residents and greater public.  For the lower level, the design breaks up the shared amenities typical of the tower / podium typology and distributes them directly to each residential unit.  This privatizes the shared amenities, giving each unit (and resident) its own exterior space, something lacking from existing residential types.  This fosters more activity in the notoriously underutilized podium city amenities and generates a shared spectacle out of its atomization and distribution.  The upper level of Double Stuffed distributed the amenities in a different way by dividing up the shopping spaces and attaching them directly to the upper residential units.  This is based off the common Hong Kong typology of the home/storefront with a prime example found in the Chung King Mansions.  These two types were assembled into ‘landscapes’ that interact with each other across a central void.  Public program towers pierce these ‘landscapes’ to connect the roof and shopping space to the public street level.  The roof reclaims the privatized lot the project sits on as a massive open space (an increasingly scarce commodity in Hong Kong), which is available for various large-area public programs, such as fairs, races, concerts and demonstrations.
Does a skyscraper have a soul? If it does than this is a soul given by humans. Taking away a material shell from a skyscraper we provide it with a possibility of transformation so it can get closer to a Plato’s idea of a skyscraper (At this point we need to insert a smiley). Still, seriously enough we do move from a totem to a pure spirit that keeps skies untouched and pure no matter how sexually unappealing it sounds. Though having had said that we have told only half of the story. The second half of the story is connected with a crispy fresh history of Saint-Petersburg, where a fight with the Okhta Centre skyscraper that ruins the historical cities’ skyline has become a real and unique example of citizenship and a symbol of human spirit prevailing over the power of money. We want a different “non-material” skyscraper to emerge every night on the spot of the Okhta Centre tower.
Technocratic society of the 21st century establishes its own laws and rules for almost all spheres of life. Not an exclusion is its influence on architecture, especially in question of design of the most large-scale, significant and expensive projects, which are the skyscrapers. The look of these buildings is dictated by the latest technologies and achievements in materials science, implementation of the cutting-edge construction, energy saving, aerodynamic and ecological solutions. Often the shape of skyscrapers is conditional not on architect’s creative approach but on a calculation of optimal solution by technical software. The final result of building look depends on one specific team of designers and their preferences in style. It’s also worth mentioning that we can always see the result of the project before starting the construction, and after it’s over the building inevitably retains its invariable shape. Like each room is dead without people, similarly the skyscrapers, hiding their inner rooms behind the single facade, look lifeless. In this work we want to present a skyscraper project on the example of Odessa city, Ukraine. It develops in time taking arbitrary shape. Its look will be influenced by numerous people willing to live in this house. Depending on preferences and needs of each person a separate living environment, including the house and the yard, will be formed. The building starts developing and taking shape as it is populated on different height. It invokes association with a vertical street where people may buy a plot and build their own house and are not limited by the skyscraper’s construction. Like houses along the city street are built different, similarly will be formed the look of future skyscraper. A great number of architects, designers and landscape architects will have an opportunity to participate in erection of this skyscraper. The tenants may choose the look, planning, style, characteristics of their house. The bounds of the ground on each separate level will be formed in such way that will prevent their interference. This will give a general skyscraper look complex and unpredicted shape. The uniqueness of building’s volume will contain in that, like a coral lying on the ocean’s bottom and accumulating mollusks, it will be filling itself with life. This will form natural and inimitable environment.
Capture the Rain Skyscraper is a building whose roof and external shell ,which consists systems of gutters, are aimed at capturing as much rainfall as possible to meet the daily needs of its inhabitants. Average daily consumption of water per person is 150 liters, out of which 85 liters may be replaced by rain water. Within the last thirty years water consumption has significantly increased. There are lots of factors that contribute to such an increase such as increasing number washing machines and dish washers, increasing popularity of garden showering devices and flushing toilets. A third of water being used in households in western countries is flushed in toilets. Since 1900 the total water consumption in the US has increased by 1000%. At present, an average American uses five times more water that a citizen of developing countries. Such an increase is related to among others improved living standards. On the other hand, a national hobby of the Danes is collecting rain water for washing and watering plants. Within the last ten years average use of pure water in Denmark dropped by 40% and inhabitants of the so called eco-villages use a third part of the national average. In view of these data, we decided to design a tower, whose structure will allow for capturing and processing as much rainfall as possible to provide with water for its inhabitants.
Valdrade brings a new definition of a city dense space, based on 3 interdependent vectors: density, sustainability and diversity. We must consider the city as a true ecosystem, able to manage its self-sufficiency and its self-generation.Valdrade expands as an “upper city” above the existing “lower city” to enable a zero ground occupation and to compensate the deficiencies. The lower city consumes whereas the upper city produces by the plug-in of self-sufficiency generators. So the entirety of the infrastructures, necessary to the city life, is replaced in the urban network. These infrastructures are currently off shored in suburban areas, participating to the urban sprawl and energetic expenditures. These plug-in create positive energy poles to compensate the current buildings over-consumption. They provide different ways of recycling, so that the whole cycle can slide back, in such a way that someone’s wastes become some other’s raw materials and sources of energy.The self-sufficiency generators propose a photovoltaic skin and wind turbines for the electricity production, lagooning for the waste water purification and recycling area for the organic and paper waste recycling and production of recycled paper, compost and gas by methanization.
In 2008, for the first time in history, more than half of the world’s population is living in cities than rural areas, that’s 6.6 billion of us. By 2050, this figure is expected to surge up to 9 billion. This had led to rapid urbanization in cities all over the world over the past several decades. However the form and spatial organization of skyscrapers (or vertical-strategy) have been  majorly dominated by the structural and cost efficient of extrusion of floor plates and the definition of space by planes- floor plates, walls and ceilings. This striated spatial definition and its arrangements had forfeited the future adaptability of skyscraper space for ever-changing needs and users group.
The advance of technology and science continues to redefine our lives with exciting and mesmerizing results. However, the rushing growth we have witnessed over the past century has left us with a global ecosystem struggling to survive. Increasing levels of pollution and rapidly expanding urban borders are eating up vital agricultural lands and forests – placing the world’s ecosystems under enormous strain. This is a proposal for an archetype that aims to help restore the harmony of human existence on Earth. Now more than ever humanity must learn to live in balance with our natural world before we do more irreparable damage. This goes beyond building smarter and more efficient buildings. It will touch how we structure our lives and how we organize our cities. The site of this proposal is located on the dense urban waterfront of Rio de Janeiro and is to be completed in time for the 2016 Olympics. With a worldwide spotlight held on Rio, it is a perfect opportunity to draw  attention to innovations in sustainable architecture.
Throughout history, through his need for civilization, man has created buildings that consume resources. The skyscraper is the epitome of this voracious consumption, its highly dense grouping of activities ie work, play, rest etc has become an ominous harbingers of our ecologically bleak future. As a reaction to the modern skyscrapers and its dilemmas the world’s eminent minds have created many variations of the skyscraper in the form of the antithetical subscrapers, groundscrapers and even depth scraper. Yet still they still struggle to achieve zero input/zero output in terms of resource production. There are greenscrappers which , though themselves are ecologically sound, are tied to and urban fabric and interconnection of production networks which are still contributing negatively towards the environment. The hO2+ scraper proposes to break free of the urban fabric and functions as self-sufficient ambassadors in the sea. The hO2+ scraper is an autonomous floating unit of livable, functional and self sustaining space which will function, in a collective manner, as a floating city.  It is self sufficient as it generates its own power through wave, wind, current, solar, bio etc. and it generates its own food through farming, aquaculture, hydroponics etc. It carries with its own small forest on top its back and supports places for users to live and works  in its depths. Its bioluminescent tentacles provide sea fauna a place to live and congregate while collecting energy through its kinetic movements. Such sustainability strategies aim to ultimately create and provide an oasis with ‘Zero’ negative impacts to the environment, not only that but also improves on it hence the ’Plus’. Aptly as poetic antithesis to a skyscraper which goes up into the heavens the hO2+ scraper goes down to the depths of the sea.
Tower | city | towers is a city-towers project designed to give back to a land its natural dimension taking into account the constraints of the current city. Although it is conceivable on different kinds of lands, Tower | city | towers is here experienced in the city of Marseilles, second largest city of France located in the south-east. Port city of 240 km2, Marseilles and its suburbs constitute a metropolis of 1,600,000 inhabitants and has a current density of 3,500/ km2. The city has spread little by little by conquering the surrounding natural lands, the housing has scattered, becoming denser and denser, thus creating a disorganized, ultra-urban and totally artificial urban sprawl. The Tower | city | towers project offers the opportunity to rethink all the functionalities, needs and demands of the city, especially in terms of population density and everything it involves (leisure activities, work, housing, transportation, etc.), thus allowing the nature to take back its original place.
The goal of this project was to design a sustainable building that differentiates from current assembly of ecological developments. This is achieved with combining sustainable systems and other parameters within design process, therefore forming the building into harmonious and controlled complexity of geometry and space. The Trombe Wall system, Chimney and Wind tunnel effects are all traditional components here used in innovative way to generate exciting points on every level of the project. The data of domestic environmental elements such as Wind and Sun are combined with functional organization of a building into a set of parameters that generate a modeling condition for a new “zero+ energy” high-rise typology. The result is a vertical, voluptuous façade pattern on the city horizon with diverse structural submatrix that reacts in multiple scales. In relation to the old urban fabric of Zagreb, Croatia, the tower follows existing rhythm of interference within each city block. It appears differently from each viewpoint, thus being a significant landmark in the mixed context of historic and modern architecture. On local level, building differentiates in all directions, creating unique interior-exterior spatial situations within fluctuated facade distortions on every floor horizon view. 
The project of a high rise medical centre is planned to resolve problems connected with public medicine services in Moscow. The image of the building was formed due to the following three factors: the desire to get the highest possible amount of usable area within the city downtown – a crucial issue for municipal hospitals; the need of a structure solution that could provide the ultimate self-support in energy system; the necessity of linking hospital units in a way that will help to avoid all the traffic troubles existing in Moscow nowadays. The system of health care in Russia is free, so the absolute majority of hospitals depend on the financial provision of government. In the center of Moscow many of them turn into shapeless and irrationally organized complexes that occupy huge areas of former manorial estates – places of historical and architectural value.  The lack of state subsidies and indifferent treatment of local executives often cause these precious buildings to lose their original form irretrievably. Furthermore, many of them don’t meet the modern requirements for hospitals.
Skyscrapers are urban icons. In collective imagination, “skyscraper” means “city” because it is a solution that was invented to meet density issues in big cities. As we were looking for the redefinition of the term “skyscraper” through the use of new programs, we decided to look for somewhere else to implement a skyscraper. Obviously, it has to be the countryside. The main question we had to answer then was: why would we build a skyscraper in the countryside? What issue could justify the need to build skyscrapers in the countryside? As you might know, although water is very present on earth, 97% is salted and 2% is blocked as ice. Actually, there is only about 1% left of liquid freshwater and the UNO and the World Water Council estimate there might be a crisis affecting half the worldwide population by 2030. Freshwater will be a major stake in the 21st century. Indeed the production of a daily food intake for a human being requires 3000 liters of freshwater and the annual rate of freshwater needs is 64 billions cubic meters.
The project is a housing proposal for the Hudson Yards area of New York, which is currently occupied by a train depot that forms a recess in the continuity of the ground plane at pedestrian level. Acting as a physical division, the depot prohibits any connections of the Midtown part of Manhattan to the Hudson River while also creating a programmatic boundary with transportation and industrial uses bordering the adjacent residential and commercial areas. Urban Reef addresses these problems of localized ground discontinuity and programmatic and physical isolation within a larger urban area by proposing a highly connected three-dimensional network of housing integrated with commercial as well as recreational uses. Working to a brief of three thousand housing units, the normative isolated high-rise building type found in New York, is replaced by a series of mid rise buildings that incline to minimize structural spans and interconnect in order to maximize the area available for housing and communal space development.
The 70’s urban development, born from a political decision and flourishing economic period, has left us a harmful point of view for living in skyscrapers worldwide. Faced with an increasing population, we tend to be more concerned with providing homes to inhabitants and stacking the apartments on top of each other at a good cost ratio rather than looking at the ecological and durable aspect of buildings. Over the years, each architectural era tends to declare that it is the right way to build cities, but today cities reveal the human work of the past decades, showing also some mistakes which were considered as the truth at that time. 
Interlock: Architecture + NatureThe central feature of this project is the design of a new skyscraper typology for ensuring it will provide a coherent natural environment without fragmenting the urban living from the natural world.  By interlocking the green soft tissue into solid architectural structure, this skyscraper reveals and reclaims the characteristics of cellular automation generated interlock forms. As a concentrated space with huge population, city must take the current climate change, peak oil crisis into account and actively seek to counter it. The proposed project is to create a basis infrastructure for developing not only a dense, vibrant and dynamic skyscraper, but also a self-sufficient agriculture infrastructure to support its own resident. Rather than seeking out-sourcing agriculture in the surrounding rural area of New York City, the project emphasizes possible local food production within the building itself.  A linear sequence of small scale vertical farms, integrated with food market, public recreational space, day-care facilities, schools, other services facilities and civil works, are proposed along in the interlocked tower, as the backbone for its neighboring residential tower. The internal farming space can be sold as finished units to promote a diverse food production within each level of the skyscraper.  They become well-defined linear spaces in which the agriculture and recreational elements are integrated in the structure from the beginning.
An interactive engine for the design of reactive architecture. Many skyscraper projects are pixelated stacks of boxes. Typological Organizer is a robust architectural ‘engine’ that refers to such projects but also adds both complexity handling and real-time reactivity capability. The engine does this by setting up an automated process of spatialization driven by internal typological parameters and external environmental factors.
Entering 21st century, massive city mazes and high speed is everyday reality and frequently changing our working and living location has become almost a necessity. The SKY-BRIDGE is designed for speeding up this changeability. This is an alternative network of transportation with integrated settlement capability. The SKY-BRIDGE is the idea taken from our ancestors. A Combination of transport networks and skyscrapers follows the basic logic how settlements were created – along rivers and roads with free movement of its dwellers. Nowadays, migration is much more intensive than in ancient times. Two thirds of the US population move every 5 years. More than one million people move out of the US yearly. The most active age group is 18-34 year olds. The main reason for their movement is change in location of work and education. But still we live far away from work. Londoners spend around 225 hours per year commuting to work. The numbers are rising all around the world as the current migration trend is towards cities. Today more than half of the world population is living in cities, and as building activity increases there is more pressure on poor and overcrowded transport system.
Damascus was voted the Arab Capital of Culture in 2008, and is also the capital of Syria. In it’s past it has been the capital of empires and located at the centre of the silk route and has always been a hive of trading. Because of this it is very proud of it’s historical context and is trying to improve it’s cultural and business facilities. The site chosen is at the centre of the New City, at the junction of the business and cultural axis. Because of this there is a great desire for development in this area. Having a train station and university as a neighbor emphasizes the demand for development, especially as at the moment there is no clear connection between the station, the university and the sports facilities
Preface“The sky switches on daylight for us – or the shower. We are small gods, mere gods of the machine which is our highest. Our universe is a huge motor, and yet we are dying of boredom. In the midst of fullness, there is an insidious dragon gnawing at our hearts.” — D.H. Lawrence AboutThe basic idea of Natwalk 2.0 is based on the assumption that as highly developed descendents of our species, machines will more readily understand the significance of an ecological renewal than we human beings. Moreover, they act with an ethical and social conscience. The origin of the machines is knowingly left in the dark.
Compress is a specially designed dynamic system which provides instant space for variety of use. Environmental, social and economic disturbances cause significant fluctuation among people. Many are left in danger and the need for shelter comes only second after basic necessities. In such case architecture plays important part in reducing the effects and providing basis for restoring continuity. This project examines the possibilities of creating First Aid Skyscraper (called Compress), easily transported in standard shipping containers and deployed all over the world. Location for this project can be anywhere from Haiti to Afghanistan. It is designed as first building on site after accidents. It shares almost military aesthetics and is intended to be in the front rows. As such it can respond to any need and provide first aid, accommodation or shelter for scientific research.
