During the last decades of global warming, the polar ice caps have experienced a severe rise in temperature causing the northern and southern ice shelves to become thin, fractured, and melt into the ocean. Rebuilding the arctic layers is the primary objective of this proposal which cools down the Earth’s surface by reducing heat gain in vulnerable arctic regions. The Polar Umbrella’s buoyant super-structure becomes a statement for the prevention of future depletion of our protective arctic region. Through its desalinization and power facilities, this arctic skyscraper becomes a floating metropolis equipped with NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration) research laboratories, renewable power stations, dormitory-style housing units, eco-tourist attractions, and ecological habitats for wildlife. A series of these structures would be strategically located in the most affected areas. Salt water is used to produce a renewable source of energy through an osmotic (salinity gradient power) power facility housed within the building’s core. In addition, the structure’s immense canopy allows for the reduction of heat gain on the arctic surface while harvesting solar energy. The umbrella’s thermal skin boasts a series of modules that are composed of a polyethylene piping system that pumps brackish water. Finally, the Polar Umbrella also regenerates the ice caps using harvest chambers that freeze the ocean water.
The Phobia Skyscraper is a new form of modular suburban residential development for Paris, France. It is located over the “Petite Ceinture”, a former industrial site with excellent views of the city and an extensive transportation network. Two main ground slabs and an empty tower structure, constructed of recycled industrial materials, hold prefabricated units that are stacked to utilize the same plumbing system but are rotated to open to outdoor spaces. The units are grouped around outdoor common green spaces. These common areas, or “nuclei centers,” are equipped with displays that provide real-time feedback for residents on societal issues within the community, occupancy rates of the structure, and messages. It also contains water-collection equipment and solar power panels.
The rapid increase of population within the major cities around the world has led to poor development and serious urban design problems, including the lack of infrastructure, housing, and recreational areas. In Beijing, a large portion of the historic center has been demolished. One way to make scarce green and recreation space available to residents of this crowded city is a skyscraper that floats above the land, taking new development to the sky. The Light Park stays afloat thanks to a large, mushroom cap-like helium-filled balloon at its top, and solar-powered propellers directly below. Programmatic platforms that host parks, sports fields, green houses, restaurants, and other uses are suspended from the top of the structure by reinforced steel cables; the platforms fan in different directions around the spherical vessel to balance its weight. These slabs are also staggered to allow for maximum exposure to sunlight on each level. Translucent solar panels cover the top of the vessel to power the uses below, and water collectors, also located at the top, direct precipitation towards filters that send clean water throughout the structure.
Energy is one of the major concerns of our current society. Today sustainable architecture seeks to minimize the negative environmental impact of buildings by enhancing efficiency and moderation in the use of materials. Noise is part of our urban environment and our everyday life and it is one of the most prevalent pollution form in cities, but it is also an important source of energy not valued yet. The soundscraper takes advantage of city noise pollution by capturing airborne sound and converting it into usable energy. One of the most abundant energy sources is ambient motion. Vibrations can provide plentiful energy, and can be transferred through many media, making this form of kinetic energy very useful. The Soundscraper is located next to main transport infrastructures, mostly outside city centers where noise pollution is at it maximum. Motorway junction, railway hub represent no man’s land in the urban territory and areas of greatest efficiency to produce energy . The skyscraper ‘s facade is evolutive, it vibrates depending on intentisity and direction of urban noises. As the skyscraper ‘s skin, the electro active lashes supported by a light metallic structure, form the exterior of the building, provides maximum exposure to city noise. Covering a wide spectrum of frequencies, this noise includes vehicular traffic, pedestrians, train, building inhabitants, and even aircraft passing overhead. 84000 electro-active lashes are integrated throughout the 100 meters high tower. The lashes are covered with sound sensors P.F.I.G (Parametric Frequency Increased Generators). A specialized PFIG energy harvester convert sounds vibrations caused by surrounding noises to capture kinetic energy, after which an array of transducer ‘cells’ employing a novel actuation method are used to convert the mechanical energy into electricity. The electrical current is then transferred to a main storage compartment to be redistributed to the city. Based on scientific researches results, one tower could produce until 150 MW/h representing 10 % of urban lighting consumption of Los Angeles. In the same time, this renewable energy could participate to reduce CO2 emissions. The energetic tower will be a landmark, creating a new interaction between neglected peripheric spaces and global cityscape, by giving a new function to huge interstitial spaces. Each motorway junction could welcome a soundscraper tower to generate enough power to provide electrical needs of a whole city.
As technological innovative and higher latest skyscrapers can be, they still need to rely on the support to the ground. So a higher heights usually means more unstableness as well as weaker capacity to resist disasters. The project proposes a mega hex grid that evolves around the earth circumference at a stratosphere heigh, the principle that support this hypothesis is that it seem to be that in a building the larger the span is, the scale and the unstableness will proportionally increase. But if the span is large enough within the scale of the earth, the unstableness brought by the size decreases inversely. In this case the network of buildings  and bridges connected to each other, covering the entire circumference of the earth, will no longer need structural ground support and can be suspended in the air by the effect of the earth gravity. The elevated bridges and buildings that relate the grid can reach any height with out worrying about overturning, earth-quakes, floods and any other natural disasters. The earth needs to find a environmental balance. As human over-used the resources the earth is being heavily damaged, eventually approaching to a point in which the earth will be unsuitable for human living. The modern skyscraper has represent for years the modern urban ideal. But in a non far future the booming population increase will be a catastrophic, being the stratosphere grid  the only platform for ensure the continuity of human civilization.
The outbreak of the Industrial Revolution in Europe, since 1750, unavoidably brought severe environmental pollution. The most explicit consequence is the Acid Deposition caused by waste of large-scale industrial production. Produced by the fossil fuel used in abundance, as well as the heavy traffic and industrial production, the SO2&NOx drives the PH value of atmosphere under 5.6. Gradually precipitating to the surface of the earth, these acidic materials have caused great harm to plant, architecture and human beings. The project aim to use a gentle way to manage Acid Deposition and eventually turn pollutants into available resources (reclaimed water & chemical fertilizer) for the region of Chongqing. The project is set to be 200-300m high where acidic pollutants gather. The aerocyst filled up with H2 at the top of the building provides buoyancy to it. The porous membrane attached to the air bags can absorb the acidic materials, like acid fog, collect and put them into core purifier where neutralization takes place with alkaline substance produced by nitrogen-fixing microorganism via biological action, which is stored in the purifier center. With neutralization, acid pollutants can be transformed into neutral liquid with ammonium salt which will be absorbed by plants attached on tentacle pipelines as green nutrients. The remained liquid will be delivered to the terminal tank as the source of reclaimed water.
The Skinscape project was inspired from the idea that the natural environment modifies architecture as time passes by and in some instances nature even reclaims it. For example, Banyan trees now cover the Angkor Wat Temple in Cambodia built in 12th century. Experts have decided not to remove the trees because they now serve as part of the structural system – building and nature have become one. This project explores the possibility of creating a building tissue between skyscrapers. This tissue not only adds unto the buildings but also modifies them to allow for new programs. The idea is that buildings need to evolve with time because their initial design intentions and programs morph with time. Vacant space become active and a new hybrid emerges from the integration of two distinct buildings.
The global increase in population, its concentration in cities, and the development of emerging countries lead to a big increase in energy need.  The Earth has undergone dramatic climatic changes, which have been linked, by a large consensus, to greenhouse gases (GHG). The concentration of GHG in the atmosphere directly affects the global temperature, with potentially global, dramatic consequences. Without any doubt, it is indispensable to define an objective of maximum emissions, in order to limit problems in the future in the Earth. The Project Nomad goal is to change the atmospheric and soil chemistry of Mars to make it hospitable for human colonization. The concept is to build nomad factories that use Martian minerals to create complex carbon greenhouse gases (GHG) in the atmosphere. The project has two main phases: (1) Blue Mars and (2) Green Mars. The Project Nomad has been designed to complete Phase One – we know how to warm planets, our main goal is terraforming Mars from a cold, dead planet into a warm, vital planet with green forests, blue oceans and a sustainable ecosystem.
From the suffocation of Pompeii to the air traffic gridlock suffered in Iceland in 2010, the tephra that is expelled during volcanic eruptions has long posed grave threats to civilization. Since volcanic eruptions cannot be controlled, the designers of the VolcanElectric Mask I propose constructing an industrial structure over a volcano that can collect tephra during an eruption, keeping it out of the skies and away from cities and villages below, and also harness the power from the volcano’s heat in calm periods to provide clean electric power to surrounding areas. For the prototype, the designers imagine locating the structure on the Popocatepetl Volcano, which is 70 km from Mexico City, is one of the ten most active volcanoes in the developed world and has 500,000 people living within 10 to 30 km from its crater. The VolcanElectric Mask is actually a multi-layered skin that covers the volcano, perched above its surface and its lava crater. The skin is comprised of the adjoining tops of tentacles, which are shaped like screws, that are relatively flat on top – this is what is visible when one looks at the volcano – but are long and sharpen to a point at the bottom. This long, sharp bottom allows each tentacle to burrow into the volcano itself to monitor its temperature, helping to predict eruptions, and also allows each one to capture carbon dioxide that is used to create and store dry ice. In periods of calm, each tentacle operates as a power station. The top layers of the tentacles, the screw head-like areas, which are above the ground, have ample openings, allowing the volcano’s surface to be ecologically undisturbed, with access to rain and fresh air. To create thermal energy, the top level of each tentacle acts as a rainwater collector. After a rain, water is transported to a sub-layer of the tentacle, where it comes into contact with lava. The resulting steam turns turbines in the middle of the tentacle, where the top meets the long, pointed bottom portion, and this creates clean thermal power. When the tentacles sense an impending eruption, they first activate shields that close the openings on the top layers of the tentacles – a process that keeps the lava, tephra and other debris that erupts out of the volcano from ever actually being dispelled into the air or flowing into nearby towns. The tentacles then shoot the stored dry ice into the volcano’s core to cool the lava down so that when the volcano does erupts and coat the tentacles in lava, the temperature will not be so high as to ruin the tentacles’ machinery. When the volcano does finally erupt, the outside world is shielded. Once the lava has cooled, the tephra is collected and shipped to an industrial plant to be used for production, and the surfaces of the tentacles open once more, allowing thermal energy production to resume.
The Symbiocity project rethinks the way prisons are built and operated in an effort to better criminal justice and rehabilitation systems. Traditionally, say the designers of the Symbiocity, prisons act like a parasite on cities, sucking resources but giving nothing in return. By locating prisons in city cores, they propose, prisoners are surrounded by society (instead of isolated in prisons located in rural areas), and therefore inspired to better themselves so they can reenter society. Other changes are also proposed: prisoners will be paid more for the work they do while locked up, but they will also be charged for their accommodations, food, and other amenities, inspiring them to work harder to earn perks like nicer cells or better food. Prisons will also be forced to become more self sufficient, instead of relying on taxpayer dollars: this will be done with inmates having to grow their own food in vertical farms and raise their own livestock. It will also take in money by renting out its facilities for functions in the busy, surrounding city, and also selling memberships to the gym located inside, as prisoners only have access to those facilities for part of the day. The prison itself is a massive tower that promotes life: its circulation systems mimic those in the body, flowing through organs (or clusters areas of similar programmatic uses); it is filled with plants and green spaces; and it is flexible so that the structure can grow when needed. Vertical farms are located on the east and west ends of the structure to maximize sunlight exposure, and prisoner cells are oriented to the north and south to promote natural ventilation. The gamuts of sustainable energy generation methods are utilized: solar panels, wind turbines, hydroelectric turbines, wave energy capture, and biomass cultivation. This energy generation also raises money if prisons choose to sell their extra energy back to the city.
By extending the ethos of reuse to the aqueous environment, In Charybdis reconsiders the plastic detritus in the world’s oceans as building material. Harnessing the complex, dynamic system of forces of the oceans and its intensive gradients, this project coalesces plastic particulates into a self-limiting, dynamically formed, yet chemically inert, super-tall building structure that plunges deep into the ocean’s depths. Utilizing advanced material technologies, it provides scaffolding for deep-sea research vessels. These vessels navigate through the water column, over time converging and dispersing within the structure, forming and disbanding spontaneous research communities as they venture to the depths and slowly return to air. By utilizing an existing material condition to build a research facility in the Great Pacific Garbage Patch, this project leverages cleanup and rehabilitation for the advancement science, creating a novel venue for the study of the last and great, earthly frontier—the deep ocean. The project’s specific site within the ocean gyres is both emblematic and anomalous. Situated within a fractal gyre of motion and framed by three subsurface mountains, the site is a vortex within a vortex, its conflicting currents both sculpting our structure and harnessed by it for dynamic stabilization. Gradients of salinity, temperature, pressure, fluctuations in surface wind speed and direction, ocean currents, and magnetic anomalies are all a part of the complex system of forces that drives material down into the ocean’s depth, and shapes this research facility over the years. The intensive properties of pressure, temperature and light have a material impact on the quality and nature of the space of this underwater structure. The gradient of light slides towards total darkness between 0 and 700 meters, creating unique sensational atmospheres. The Ekman Spiral twists the aqueous environment between 0 and 100 meters, creating a denser and more habitable scaffold near the surface. These, the force of pressure, the effect of declining temperature, and the increasing salinity, all contribute to yield vastly divergent research environments in this inverted ‘skyscraper’. The project reaches 350 meters into the ocean’s depth with this vertical research facility. It is shaped by the robust variability of water, an ecology registered in material structure, form, and program, a balancing act between gravity and buoyancy.
The quantity of small plastic fragments floating in the north-east Pacific Ocean has been increased a hundred times over the past 40 years accumulating and forming what we know as the Great Pacific Garbage Patch,  a great hazard to the earth ecosystems balance. Studies estimate that the amount of plastic floating on the Pacific Ocean is twice the size of the US State of Texas. Kinetic Islands address this problem and propose a solution for disposal huge-amount of plastic and garbage patches in North-east Pacific Ocean, and take advantage of them as construction elements for a futuristic floating city. The project propose a modular study on floating elements. Each module or element works as a flotation device, using 3 floats, that allow it to move trough the pacific ocean currents. Each module will recollect as much garbage as it is founding trough his path. Then when its full it will move to meet the nearest units to form a garbage chain. By the time many chains floating in Pacific Ocean, meet each other, they can be assembled like a Spiral Shape formed by ocean currents and centralized like a big island. That island can be covered by soil in order to have c a strongly solid founding that allow to develop farming crops. The units in the island will work as an artificial land, and eventually can be steady enough to support agricultural activities, as well the possibility to use vacant units as buildings blocks for shelters housing and resorts.
The Urban Earth Worm skyscraper uses one of the basest of creatures as its inspiration. Just as earthworms clean the soil and solve pollution problems, promulgating life in thriving ecosystems, this skyscraper will clean air and soil pollution in cities and also feed cities – literally. The structure is in fact even shaped like a worm, horizontally extends and curves throughout the city, cleaning the air, processing waste and providing food in not just one but many points. The top part of the structure has growing tubes that are filled with soil and grow trees and plants. This green area cleans the city’s air and also provides crops for the city’s residents. An energy station near the ground (but still within the worm) takes the city’s garbage and processes it into biomass from which energy can be generated. This energy fuels the skyscraper’s own processes but also is sent back to the city. The biomass is also used to replenish the soil that is used to grow the trees and crops in upper levels. Soil is periodically transported down to the energy station and mixed with biomass. It is left to sit for some time and replenish its nutrients. When that process is complete, it is transported back up to the growing levels, and the soil already up there is moved down to be regenerated.
Mankind has always face the threat of extinction, from an extreme natural disaster. “Zero” is a radical skyscraper, designed to ensure mankind’s survival after global devastation. Like an emergency toolbox, it will be the starting point to the reestablish social order through digital communication and information exchange. “Zero” will provide the crucial elements to support life and to rebuild our existence, even if we had to start from zero. The key element to ensure that humanity is not lost is information. We live in the digital age.  Communication and knowledge It is our most important resources today. “Zero” is dedicated to gathering information; an online data vault to make sure human knowledge is not lost. Government, institutes and organization around the globe are able to upload information to “Zero” data vault. Anything considered important from architectural construction, agricultural planning, scientific records, language translation, or even family photos can be stored within this data vaults. If a “Zero” is destroyed, the data will not be lost as they are duplicated and shared around the world among other “Zero” units. The skyscraper is designed to be site in strategic locations across the globe. Once the tower is activated, these data will be accessible and shared among the survivors to rebuild our society. With the right knowledge and the right guidance, anything is achievable. The building it’s self-sufficient and capable to support life by providing it with all the necessary resources including energy, shelter, food, water, and information.
The massive amount of waste and debris accumulated in the Pacific Ocean is known as the Pacific Garbage Patch. The Scraper is a floating building designed to collect and compact the garbage into cubes with the use of automated robots. These cubes will later be burned by two different actions. The first system burns the cubes using space rockets exhausts during launch. The second one is the transportation of the cubes to outer space and let them re-enter the Earth’s atmosphere to burn down.
“Big Wood” is a prototype on mass timber construction that offers the possibility to build more responsibly while actively sequestering pollutants from our cities. Sited in Chicago; “Big Wood” aims to write a new chapter in high-rise construction. Steel and concrete structural systems have been the primary materials of choice in skyscrapers construction over the years. Unfortunately, these materials have a heigh energy production and recycle costs considering the entire life of a structure. Understanding that the construction industry accounts for 39% of man-made carbon emissions, it’s imperative that we develop more intelligent and less environmentally destructive strategies for construction. Recent studies had proved the success of 20-30 story mass timber structures with the potential to go higher using hybrid systems. “Big Wood” is a mixed-use university complex sited in Chicago’s South Loop neighborhood. The structure consists of a mass timber system utilizing lumber grown and manufactured on a brown-field site in South Chicago. Known as “South Works”, the tree farm site was once home of a steel mill, where raw materials were brought in via barge on Lake Michigan. A majority of the steel used to build Chicago’s famous towers (including Willis and John Hancock) came through the South Works steel mill. Implementing a tree farm will extract toxins from the soil as well as carbon dioxide from Chicago’s air.
Building an underwater city is the main goal of this project that responds to the sea level rise in the upcoming decades. The US National Research Council estimates that in this century alone, the sea level will rise between 50 and 200 centimeters – leaving some existing cities underwater. The project has been designed as a floating bowl with a massive atrium open to the sky where sunlight will be able to reach all the underwater levels. The geometry is composed of an array of boxes in different sizes that allow for very specific program delineation. The stepping and shifting of volumes create and intricate system of terraces and voids imagined as community and leisure areas. The project also resembles a traditional hillside town with a network of stairs connecting the various levels. Providing views to the mysterious world beneath the water surface is a priority of the design while vegetation also plays an important role in the design. The idea is to provide as much green surface as possible for parks, farms, and oxygen generation. In addition, the city has been designed to rotate according to light exposure and transported to different locations around the globe.
Moses is a decentralized, self-sustaining city unit, populated by approximately 25,000 inhabitants, which offers the transition of men from land to sea, so that the land could be used for food production and the Earth could start its process of self-regeneration from the negative human impact. It functions independently as a city-unit, as well as a cluster of units, which share information, energy, and goods. Each city-unit is placed on the intersection of perpendicular traffic lanes, which form the grid that serves as a connection between cities and land through a network of ultra fast trains. Moses takes maximum advantage of its offshore location to produce renewable energy by two main systems. It consists of two structures that can rotate independently to utilize wind and water flow energy.
By 2100 it will be extremely unhealthy to live in megacity areas and people will migrate to the countryside seeking cleaner air, food, and water. By 2150 megacities like Beijing, Jakarta, New York, and London will be abandoned ghost cities and automated bulldozers will be sent to demolish buildings and infrastructures, saving only sites of historical value. By recycling the demolished material, the bulldozers will start the construction of Sphera. Sphera is a new type of living environment, where the citizens of the world will live during the “earth’s regeneration”, by using innovative and sustainable energies. At the same time, the purpose of Sphera is to build an entirely new civilization, where people will try to redesign their culture and generate a sustainable society by creating a global-resource based economy that enables all people to reach their highest potential, a society that protects and preserves its environment. All people, regardless of political views, social customs and religion, ultimately require the same resources, such as clean air and water, arable land, medical care, and relevant education. Each Sphera provides all the  needs of a human being and can hold 4 million inhabitants. Sphera is divided into different areas, from bottom to top: factories, research, educational, mixed use, and residential. Included in the idea of self-sufficiency is the automatization of the production, distribution, and disposal lines, and thereby allowing Spehra’s inhabitants to develop their diversity and explore their individuality.
Nowadays approximately 3 billion people rely on rice as their major source of food. It is expected that the rice demand will continue to accelerate and by 2025 more than 4 billion people will rely on it. As a consequence local governments in East Asia have established a total control on rice fields and production. This has been a disastrous event for the local farmers and has left the price of rice in absolute control of a handful of people. It is also expected that the price of rice will gradually increase to a point in which the majority of the Asian population will not be able to afford it. This project proposes the creation of decentralized aeroponic vertical farmlands that will be able to provide enough rice for future generations. The basic structure consists of an array of bamboo parallelograms that create stepping terraces of rice fields. It counts with a natural irrigation system where gradually flows down with gravity through a network of irrigation paths. In addition, the proposed skyscrapers will be located within the cities to avoid unnecessary processing, packaging, transportation, and storage. The facilities will also be operated by the local community providing countless jobs and opportunities for the inhabitants.
The form of a skyscraper is a growing crystal – a structure characterized by the inconstancy and regularity of its elements. The height of the units ranges from 130 to 180 m. At the full height, in the center of Multipurpose Research Complex (MNC), is a static rod – a quantum safe energy source, which will produce energy in the required quantity. The center of quantum computing, greenhouses, walking tracks and, aeration blocks are placed in immediate proximity. The external crystal structure of the building is mobile and can be transformed depending on the configuration of the plan and the conditions of research, to flow into one another, forming a transition between the other MNCs. Transparent gateways for people access to the building are located at different heights while the ground floors are occupied by technical units, air purification, and transportation compartments – 10% of the total area. The research part is the largest part of the building, different laboratories, lecture halls, and areas for meditation are located here taking up 65%. The information part takes 4-5 floors and comprises a media center, a cafe, and a conference room – 25%.
This project begins with the premise that Shanghai’s distribution of water resources is out of balance. The first problem is a lack of groundwater; according to the designers of the Water Re-balance tower, the people of Shanghai, in the quest for clean water, have taken so much water from under the city since 1860 that the city itself has sunk 1.7 meters in the past 40 years. Additionally, the water supplies that do exist today are largely polluted. Despite that shortage, the city does experience flooding in monsoon season, and the Suzhou River’s level can sometimes reach to the city’s streets. By building towers that can collect and purify rainwater and also purify the water from the river, several advantageous things occur: clean, drinkable water is readily available for the city; rising river levels are mitigated before flooding occurs; and clean water can also be pumped back under ground to fix the sinking subsidence problem the city is experiencing. Further, the tower collects organic matter as it filters the water and uses that waste to develop and feed farmland, wetlands, and to grow green algae. The farm and wetlands purify the air, and the algae is cultivated and processed within the tower by a generator to create energy. The tower is thin and is based underground, allowing the structure to pump collected and cleaned rainwater into the underground water table. From this base it spirals up and flowers at the top with a large platform that holds a green roof that collects the rainwater. After it is collected on top, water filters as it flows down through the tower, and is clean by the time it reaches ground level. There, a pump either directs the water for use by the city, or it is sent underground. Grey water is also captured and used to irrigate the vertical gardens throughout the structure. Turbines are also placed through the spiraling tower to generate energy with the water flow. That energy, plus that generated by the algae, creates enough to both power the tower itself and send energy back into the city.
The Crater Scraper project is an imagined solution for the healing of the Earth’s surface as the planet suffers the impact of major asteroid strikes. Asteroid craters could be filled in with built settlements, holding communities of different sizes (depending on the size of the crater). As cities historically form at a core and extend peripherally, Crater Scrapers too have a central core that connects the settlement as a whole vertically and horizontally. Elevator systems link infrastructure vertically, from the bottom of the crater to the Earth’s surface; at the top, a separate transportation system links the community across the expanse of the filled-in indentation. At the bottom of the city, people traverse its length on foot. The crater is filled with towers and structures that are covered by a roof system that has large holes, causing the built community, from an aerial view, to resemble mesh. Imagining that top-down view, each cylindrical opening of the mesh holds a type of development that is needed for the community to function, from residences to shops and offices to hospitals to recreational spaces. The community as a whole is developed with the garden city model in mind, featuring a central park located at the core and open green spaces interspersed throughout. The roof allows for sunlight to stream in thanks to the holes, but it also holds vegetation on its solid structure, which allows for water capture, is ecologically advantageous to the Earth’s surface and also provides insulation for the crater city below. The water that falls onto the roof surface is redirected so that it falls into the crater community on the edges of the actual crater, creating a water curtain, and is also partially directed into the central park to create a beautiful waterfall. The concept as a whole, the designers say, is to unify opposites: ground and underground, artificial and natural, disaster and rebirth, to create a utopian reality in the aftermath of the disaster of an asteroid strike.
The abandoned Shenfu Dongsheng coalfield, was China’s largest coal-producing base goaf. The goaf not only influenced the local soil and land, but also wasted the terrestrial heat at a large scale whit a lot of consequences such as collapse,debris flow and soil erosion, destruction of building and cropland, atmosphere pollution etc. The project proposes to reuse the goaf and part of the pipelines on the working platforms. The vertical pipelines will work as the chief transportation system. The main volumes are deposited in the site. Applying principles used in miner, the horizontal skyscraper will use the existing vertical miner elevator systems as a way of transportation. The housing and habitable space will be underground , supported by vertical tube that will bring fresh air in the water will be taken from the underground soil trough  advanced and explorative techniques and will be heated by geothermal processes. The terrestrial heat is used to cultivate the saplings and then the grown trees are replanted on the mountains to renovate the worn-out land. The hole complex will have different features and programs such as housing, office, tourism, commercial, crop etc. each one located in a strategic place in the mountain heigh. In order to continue the life style in the cave which was lasted for thousands years, the local life style take advantage of the mountain life. The residences are built along the surface of the mountains. In this way, the project takes the most advantage of local water and soil.
Located in the Republic of Chile, Atacama Desert is one of the oldest and driest places on Earth. This desert is fenced by the Andes Mountains on one side and the Chilean Coast Range on the other. The moisture which comes from the Pacific Ocean cannot get through either side and creates a “rain shadow effect.” Due to this geographic situation, Atacama Desert is constantly dry even though it is located near the Pacific Ocean. People living in Atacama are at risk and degradation is spreading rapidly. However, a dense fog known as “Camanchaca” could potentially end desertification in the Atacama Desert. Sourced from the Pacific Ocean, this fog has the potential to nourish plants and other living organisms. “Mist-Tree,”  is a skyscraper which can bring new life to Atacama, Chile. It proposes a simple solution to end the drought coming from the high ranges of the mountains. The skyscraper penetrates through the Andes mountain range and captures fog from the sky of the Pacific Ocean. The building façade is a “net structure” which attracts condensation to form on the building itself. It promotes this condensation by gaining heat on the interior, harvesting sunlight though its large glass structure. As the moisture from the fog is captured, the gathered water is brought down to the Atacama area to nourish life. Inside of “Mist-Tree” is no different; the water collected also gives life to a variety of plants throughout interior green spaces. This building becomes a node in the mountains, a starting point for anti-desertification reaching out to make further green lands. “Mist-Tree” skyscraper would provide numerous benefits for promoting a high quality of life in and around Atacama.
The rising of sea level is one of the most dramatic crisis that modern cities face in the last decades. It is estimated that sea level will rise of more than 500mm by the end of this century. At that time, 600 million people will lose their homeland with 3000 cities sinking into the water. Since 2/3 of the world’s population is settled in the coastal areas. The Promised Land is conceived as “humans” final homeland, a self-sustainable city on submerged places, shape as massive cross rising over the water level.  The building works as a modular self assembly system. Prefabricated girders and columns made of reinforced concrete are fixed on the ground as foundation, then prefabricated floors are placed in order to sustain the different programatic modules. By using a modular assembly system, the skyscraper is able to be built constantly, making it possible to develop upper programs continually. Each block its design in different sizes according to the program that will hold, making it flexible to adapt different functions and meet different requirements. The smaller blocks are housings cells while the bigger blocks are public spaces, such as shops, schools, hospitals, recreational spaces, etc. Housing will be located on the upper layers just above the horizon while the graves will located under the horizon. The building its conceived applying the principle of water tank floatation system that steel ships use. When the water rise, the tank can be emergency closed against the waves of the sea, only let in as much water as it requires
The Ring of Mars is a closed self-sufficient off-line mega-structure, which contains all functions for comfortable existence and development of all life forms.The ring is designed on the model of linear cities, a circular system for comfortable connection of all parts of the structure as single agglomerate. The ring is conventionally subdivided in zones, residential zone and green zone. The residential zone contains accommodation modules, i.e. houses being automatically man-carrying aircrafts, in which people arrive for settling in the ring. The green zone includes simulations of Earth’s habitats such as forests, fields, meadows, rivers, and lakes.
