At multiple times in history and over different periods, the blue planet successfully breeds diversity of species at every inch on land and has experienced a level of natural climate change variability. The complex components of the ecosystem are undergoing constant changes, while a dynamic balance is getting harder to maintain. Seeing the latest period of rising global surface temperatures is without precedent indecent years, as well as the conflictive relationship between human activity and habitat degradation, the conservation of wildlife should not be ignored. In general, the entire ecosystem on earth is experiencing a hard time. If society continues the current trend of apathy, we are doomed towards a very bleak future. Our concept of this vertical nature reserve equipped with a central research station is inspired by the classification of climate groups on earth. Referring to the relationship between latitude and climate zones, the skyscraper divides and simulates each climate group at a different height, while the monitor system locates at the heart of the structure. The residents in the building are endangered animals living within the simulation environment, while the research team and public tourist should be only considered as temporary visitors. Motivated by the trends of contemporary biomimetic architecture, some case studies on nature are analyzed and applied to the spatial organization and interface design in our building. Moreover, the environment of the chosen site is carefully considered since sustainable architecture is required to take advantages from local resources as much as possible. The proposed skyscraper is willing to recall the close relationship between human beings and their mother nature by the form of architecture. Every component in the ecosystem could hardly behave or survive as an individual literally, hence all living creature should appropriate the gifts from nature and they should be treated and valued equally. In modern society, the form of a skyscraper, carrying multiple functions, is expected to be one of the carries that making a better future.
Air pollutionAirscraper is a skyscraper that is sleeved around a chimney structure that has the potential to tackle the air pollution problem. The inner round, empty, tall and smooth tube utilizes the stack effect and sucks the polluted air from the surrounding and cleans it through a complex filtration system inside the chimney. The resulting air circulation also helps to reduce the urban heat island effect. The envisioned tower is 800 m tall and is 60 m in diameter. It combines three types of modules stacked around the 30 m wide inner chimney: Air-Intake module, Solar-Gain module & Green-Garden module. Each performing their specific task to achieve the overall task of cleaning the air. AIR-INTAKE MODULES are located at the very bottom of the tower and is collecting polluted air from the street level. It incorporates a modular kinetic façade that helps to optimize the air intake and responds to prevailing wind directions, a filtration system that collects TSP and PM10 particles and an ionization system that collects PM2.5 particles. According to existing research such a system can clean the air with up to 80 % effectivity. SOLAR-GAIN MODULES are positioned in the middle part of the tower, where they receive maximum exposure to sun rays. These modules are equipped with kinetic reflective mirrors, also known as heliostats, which reflect sun rays onto the black stone surface of the chimney. The solar gain inside the chimney creates the necessary stack effect and results in the desired upward air circulation. Devoid of expensive and complex mechanical ventilation equipment, this system relies on natural phenomenon to drive air circulation, and therefore is more sustainable and has the potential to reduce the CO2 footprint associated with ventilation. GREEN-GARDEN MODULES are incorporated in the residential section of the tower, located at 400m and above, where the layer of smog doesn’t reach. The Green-Gardens include dense vegetation of various kinds, which not only help to adjust air oxygen levels and balance the micro-climate of the tower, but also provide attractive and healthy public areas to serve the wellbeing of the tower occupants and improve the daylighting of the inner chimney atrium.
StatementFor the first time in human history, we can say that more than half of the world’s population lives in cities and urban areas, caused by the process of urbanization and the rise in global population growth. This continuous increase has had a great impact on urban habitats, natural environments, technological development and industrial expansion, and analyzing these changes, we can think about what kind of cities we can expect to develop in the future and what their characteristics are. What makes the future city different from the present one? What kind of new components would be needed for a city decades from now? Many are studying this subject, especially sociologists, architects and engineers, almost always unanimously concluding that free space is becoming more valuable, our impact on the environment is getting more severe and the available resources are getting smaller. Therefore, we can say that human civilization is currently in a specific position, and that cities, as the epicenters of civilization, play a very important role in preserving it. As the city population grows, so does our need for more resources. It has been proven that a person living in the city can produce up to four times more waste than a person living in the countryside. This city waste is usually taken to the nearest landfill and buried there. However, by doing this we are not only polluting the ground, air and underground waters (which can be very dangerous to health), we are potentially wasting a great amount of usable matter. Apart from recyclable material that would otherwise be simply buried, methane gas, which can be collected during organic waste decomposition, can be extremely valuable because it can be turned into electrical energy. Giving the example of the Belgrade city, this project changes the model of a typical landfill into a raw vertical infrastructure. The towers are module-based, and every tower is consisted of waste capsules that are attached to the concrete core. Firstly, city waste is being delivered to sorting facility, where it is categorized by type (glass, plastic, organic matter, paper, wood, metal), after which it is sent to temporary landfill. The recyclable waste is taken to recycling facility, and organic matter, parts of wood and paper materials are gathered and disposed into modular waste capsules. These capsules are attached to the tower core by cranes. Every capsule is equipped with inhaler and pipeline that connects to the methane tank, and when organic matter rots, methane produced by the process is drawn from each capsule and later transformed into energy. When the matter in a capsule decomposes completely, the capsule can be taken out, cleaned and refilled. This type of landfill not only greatly reduces the negative impact on the air and ground (since it emits zero toxic gases and prevents any contact of waste with air and ground), it also massively reduces the amount of space needed to store waste.
Graubünden is the largest and one of the mostbeautiful cantons in Switzerland. Entirelymountanious, it has manymarkable structures on the mostspecial and not easlyacessible places. Theyused to befortressesfrom the 13th and 14th century whichwereprogressivelyabandoned. Nowadays, theseruinscrown somedistintictive topographie location of the SwissAlps and due to the difficultaccess, remainforgotten. Known as a perfect place for winter sports, Switzerland has manyspecial and longhikes to do in summer as well.The design workswiththeseelements, a family of reusedfortressesalong the trails.ConceptTo be able to protect the ancient structures, somemonolithic roofs are addedtobring a new life to theseruinedfortress. Itsexistingstone walls, frame the floor of the new volumes. This adition covers, protectthe oldruins and providenewshelters for the hikers. The new landmarkshave an important impact thatguide the hikers. StructureWith an hugeconcreteroundedcolumn in the middle, the new volume doesn’ttouch the existing structure and create a gap thatbrings a unique filterednatural light for the entrance area. This central core has all the vertical and technical connections but canguarantee a transparencyin eachfloor. ProgramThe organisation of the building are in threenucleos: public, private and common areas. The first, the fortressthatcontains the public area, is the entrance floorand itiscomposed by a singlespace of an impressive size resultingof a tension betweenold and new, existing and adition. It hasthe Lobby, Gallery, Libraryand at the basement, the Archive and Toiletswhichcomplementthis public area. The second nucleo, already in the new volume, has the private areas for the hikerswhich ar FlexibilityAlthough its massive picture, the building has the flexibility as the main key. With an autonomous entrance for the hikers at the basement, the entrance floor can be part of the refuge or a room to be rented by the neighboorhood. The Refuge units for hikers have also a flexible system which allows a single person or family to rent 2 units (bedroom and living area), as well as 4, 6 or 8, the whole floor.e inspired by theexistingopenings of thefortress. In these body are the Cabins with a meeting balcony between them. The third and higher nucleo, hasthe common areas like the Dining and Living Room, Room of Silence and the Group Rooms in the last floor, iluminated with zenital light. MaterialThe existing ruin and its extension are merged without changing the footprint and the quality of the existing exterior spaces. The existing quarry stone walls are preserved by the addition of the new monolithic brick buildind. This material allows a strategical color composition and next to the fortress, the similar color gets brighter and lighter in high, trying to join the building with the sky. Old and new are now together to ensure harmony rather than contrast.
The project began with the belief that skyscrapers, a collection of architectural and high-tech technologies, could be an alternative to solve the Earth’s environmental problems. In this sense, we have been trying to take an architectural challenge to preserve glaciers that are melting as a result of global warming. SiteOur project destination was focused on Greenland’s continental ice sheet to propose a structure that prevents the melting of glaciers. Especially, it is intended to prevent the melting of glaciers formed between canyons. Glacier is exposed to the air at the area where it connects to the sea, resulting in faster melting. Furthermore, the melting rate is further accelerated by Crevasse and Moulin which are formed by flowing down water. We would like to prevent the loss of glaciers through proposing a structure that would freeze the ice tightly again in areas where it melts. IdeaIn this project, we would like to propose a structure that can make the ice density of melting glaciers hard again. The construction process also had to be coordinated with the structural characteristics of the glacier. The Ice-dam we are proposing here is a skyscraper that functions to prevent the melting of glaciers. In particular, this project is proposed with the idea of the structural module called Ice-ball, which is a tectonic element that strengthens the freezing of glaciers and forming the construction structure and space. Structure and MaterialIce-ball is a self-replicating structural element that forms space. This is a system that is interconnected by the opening of the six sides of sphere. It is a method of structure that can be expanded horizontally and vertically in this way. When it is inserted inside of glacier, it could expand by excavating inside the ice to create space and installing Ice balls. Inside the extended ice ball structure, water that melted from glaciers could be stored and frozen to make ice. Ice ball structural plates could make form of strong composite structure by taking the form of trusses in their own right and letting the ice inside take on the compressive force. Furthermore, the materials of ice ball trusses were used to increase their structural performance by using aluminum alloys that become stronger at low temperatures. Freezing SystemThe freezing system of water inside the ice ball is carried out by the circulation of the refrigerant. In the process of water freezing by refrigerant, vaporization heat was absorbed, and it was released outside or used for internal heating. In particular, heat released to the outside was allowed to travel a long distance through the hot air balloon to prevent the outside air from becoming hot. Spatial ConstructionThe construction of an Ice-Dam begins with the formation of a horizontal structural plate. This system is not supported on underground ground, but rather on horizontal artificial ground and creates hanging spaces. Structural components are formed by Ice balls and structural rigidity is ensured through stages of freezing process of water inside. This process forms the dam to reduce the melting speed of glaciers and also creates the interior spaces. The interior space formed by the Ice-ball structure is a reinforced artificial glacial structure, which creates a unique artificial atmosphere in the natural space.
The future of citiesWith continuous expansion, will cities reach a looming point of plateau where its growth starts to hinder its efficacy? In the first place, why do we live in a city? What makes living in a city so attractive? It is simply a hyper-efficiency consisting of a working system that is the result of the combinatory forces of great infrastructure and density, working tangentially to support growth. This growth makes a city abundant in opportunities but what then happens to a system whose demand and supply forces becomes imbalanced? There becomes an oversupply of inhabitants and a lack of infrastructure supporting it and vice versa- the state that most “great” cities are headed. Over-pollution and over-population will occur and efficacy becomes compromised with growth. When the drawbacks of automation start to outweigh its benefits, where do we go next and in what direction? Post-automationWe go back to where it all began, reinventing the whole concept of the skyscraper, abolishing the forces that turned it into something that we no longer fathom. We start to go deeper into the notion of a building block and take a few steps back, fundamentally questioning how skyscrapers take form and how its production and distribution largely affects it. When cities become unlivable, we vacate to parts of the world that were previously untouched and neglected. The location of skyscrapers is no longer dependent on its geographical benefit related to economics and politics. In summary, we start from the very beginning and this time, we do it right by fully understanding what it means to build a skyscraper from a starting point. Back to basicsWood is a natural resource and is therefore readily accessible. We start off with a clean slate, returning to days where we were not reliant on machines. Like the primitive hut, existing since the beginning of time, we apply a similar idea via a building block and a set of rules that are meant to be bent. The end result is a skyscraper composed of an array of building blocks – a system made out of 1-foot wide lateral timber columns, aggregated through simple joinery. This will thus provide an outline of a skyscraper while allowing variability. The layout of each floor has the ability to vary from one that encourages communal living to one that is more private. It truly is up to the user of the space. We are no longer limited by a specific unit size, the way it would typically be right now. DeploymentEnough modules to create a single floor will be compacted into a single crate and preserved in a time capsule together with a set of guidelines to aid in the initial process of building. The time capsules will be placed in areas that contain the natural resources required to sustain life, places with access to wood and water. The skyscraper can grow as tall and as wide as it needs to be. Its end-point thus becomes limitless. Growth and retentionGive a man a skyscraper and he will be set for years, teach a man how to build a skyscraper and he will be set for life. Unlike the first man on earth who, unfortunately, did not receive any survival instructions from his creator, starting over in this case does not mean disregarding what we have learnt from the past. There is a shift in emphasis when it comes to the notion of a skyscraper. The building block becomes a key element of it and the future is truly in the hands of the people.
Badgir (In Persian literal translation:bâd « wind » + gir « catch ») is a traditional element of Persian architecture used from centuries to create natural ventilation and to refreshinside the buildings, more particularly in the living room area. These wind towers are vertical ducts looking as large chimneys allowing to capture and to direct the winds towards the interior of buildings. We can see them in important quantity in the desert area of the center of the country. The interior of the tower is vertically separated into several ducts to allow the circulation air descending flow (bringing freshness) and air ascending flows (expelling hot air) currents thanks to the differential atmospheric pressures created. The concept is simple: reuse this traditional process by integratingturbines to generate electricity and to turn this tower into a wind turbine. Higher is the tower, easier it’s to capture air flows (5km/h as minimum) and stronger will be the pressure. In adding floors around the structural core to cultivate lands in the shelter of the sun and thanks to a water sensor facade, Badgir proposes to make possible the development of a city in autarky in full desert in an environment inhospitable to the human being. The population will be limited according to the resources generated by the tower. The city composed of narrow streets, public squares, subterranean galleries, a bazaar, an oasis and a well will provide the best conditions to live even at very high temperatures. Badgir will be a city based on respect for ecology, self-reliant and based on a closed-circuit system (zero waste). The goal of the project is to prove that it is possible to live without destroying our planet (even in the worst conditions) by combining technology and ancestral architecture.
There have never been so many people on earth in history as right now. As everyone knows, with the industrial revolution, the standards of living raised and became more available. The result was the population explosion. In the last century, the world population increased fourfold. The unprecedented rate of population growth caused unequal income distribution. While some people increase their wealth,the rest became more and more poor. This economic progress formed classes among people. And the poor have been forced to live in worst. For the cities, which had these kind of differences, the slums were the inevitable end. So what can be expected for the next century? This process didn’t happen in the exactperiod for all countries.  While some complete their demographic transition, others were at the first stage and until they complete the transition, an unbelievable income inequality occurred between countries. Last century, the richest countries were only 3 times richer than the poorest. Today the gap is like 100 to 1.That cause an unstoppable increase on amount of people live in slums,even though the rate of population growth has been decreasing. Today about 900 million people live in slums, in a couple years the number is going up to 1.6 billion, and the unequal income is accelerating it. By 2030, it’s estimated that 1 in 4 people on the planet will live in a slum. So, the expectation for the next century will be overcrowded mega slum cities covering continents. People migrate cities to access more work opportunities. Despite increasing manpower, the work opportunities aren’t enough to extricate them from the cycle of poverty. Naturally, slums are imminent destination for these people.The immediate need for shelter for these people ends up with poorly constructed single story shelters, which are highly vulnerable to any types of environmental conditions,spreaded to large areas. Because of limited financial resources, there is no chance to improve the shelters to better conditions.Instead of investing financial resources in improving shelters, growing them in years will be a more suitable solution. Growing them by arborsculpture will cost only time and labor. These resources are more accessible than money in slums. Arborsculpture is a series of gardening practices which combine grafting, bending, and training of living plants.The only investments to build such a house are saplings, stakes, sting, wire, tree tapes, pruners, saws and time. In a dense slum texture, in order to accommodate more residents in smaller footprint, trees can be grown at higher altitudes than ground by hydroponic system and become multistory building. Each story deck accommodates the roots as a grow tray and supported by trees planted in lower decks. As trees grow, they grafted to each other and whole building becomes a single organism which is also the only structural system of the building. Rock Elm (ulmusthomasii) is the ideal tree with its strength, growth rate and suitability for arborsculpture to build such a tower. It lives almost 200 years and reaches 20 meters tall between 20 – 30 years. So it will take approximately 150 years to complete 100 meters tall building.In 150 years almost 2500 saplings must be planted to complete the building. During the process residents can start to settle in completed stories. As a living organism the structural system can eliminate damages by healing itself. After 200 years the first planteds will complete their life, unexpected cracks and shrinks will occur, and it wouldn’t heal itself, so it will be disassembled. All the remaining materials, glass panels and approximately 5000 m³ timber logs, can be reused.
In the age of “Level 5” (fully automated) autonomous driving, a vehicle (e.g. ToyotaE-Palette) can be adopted as Mobile Green house, travelling between farmers and buyers directly. These vehicles can be charged at vertical “docks” equipped with PV charger and drainage system when idle. The best dock available will be selected by central computer and directed by GPS automatically to suit solar demand of different crops. The “dock” becomes a ever-changing organism with its own ‘metabolism’Recent development in hydroponic technology makes vertical planting possible. Not only farmers but enthusiast or family can hire or own a mobile green house for weekend farming. The docking ports are connected by double spiral ramps; car lift and staircase are provided for services and pedestrian circulations.
Based on the report of urban planning in Singapore, our chosen domain is gene storage in 2100. Estimates based on bacterial genetics suggest that digital DNA could one day rival or exceed today’s storage technology. Gene Tower is like a home tree between citizen and a huge seed that symbolizes the gene carrier. Gene Tower provides a new strategy of gene storage for big data. Synchronously, it brings an idea of delighted sharing and environmentally friendly lifestyle to the rapid development of city. Through a plasma material, we save data in a steel cable. People upload their data towards the tower. If data reaches a certain amount of upload, tower skin changes color at any time. Storing gene is a static activity; saving big data is a dynamic activity. The interaction provides an ambient experience like a cosmic dance.
With the advent of a new era, cities must be able to accommodate more demands than they have in the past, and the role of cities has become even more extensive. Indeed, the city requires dense residential space, a common use space where people can be together, and green spaces. Facing such demands, the cities are changing rapidly, and the speed of the change is accelerating. However, going through past experiences have revealed that rapid urbanization engenders various urban problems such as lack of residential space, slumming, harms done to existing urban context and tradition, and adulteration of environment. Many of Europe’s metropolises were able to cope with such challenges and slowed down rapid changes because they were able to accommodate the changes over long periods of time. On the contrary, in the cities of newly developing countries or other traditional cities where there is no sufficient infrastructure, it is difficult to control the speed of change and it is accelerating. These cities need a new approach because they have to cope with the changes and resolve those issues in a short period of time. We propose a vertical urban space as a measure that traditional cities can adopt to overcome rapid urbanization and meet the demands of rapidly changing cities, all the while preserving tradition. Can modern day Kaesong accommodate the demands of a new city and the urban problems and changes that follow? Kaesong was the capital of Goryeo in the past. The city has been an important historic site, and still stands as important economic, cultural and geographical region today. However, after the Korean War, due to the city’s economic and political issues, the growth of the city had been stopped for a long time. In 2003, the city that had stopped started to revitalize again. An industrial complex jointly operated by South and North Korea for exchanges and cooperation has been established, and a step-by-step plan for urban growth has been initiated. Indeed, Kaesong is expected to be one of the fastest changing cities after the reunification of the two Koreas; this city has the best preserved Hanok in Korea. However, by its characteristic, the houses are not densely located. Inevitably, cities demanding more space cause low densities to be overwhelmed by urban growth. Thus, in order to not follow the precedence and face the same problems, we need to create a new type of urban space to preserve historical buildings. “Vertical City in Kaesong” is a plan to build a town that concentrates residential, production, infrastructure and energy vertically by setting several bases in the existing city. Instead of demolishing traditional buildings, they build up a high-density unit town of eight floors with self-sufficient programs. Unit villages can be added or dismantled on demand in the city. Space and wooden tube structure made up of Korean traditional building unit ‘room’ makes it possible to match the existing buildings and distribute the load. The hexagonal planes of six equilateral triangles composed of different programs are arranged in a private space in the public space as they move away from the center. The center of the building and the open space at each corner provide light and wind throughout the building and provide a green space. After that, we place a residence in the space, create a public space between each triangle, and bring the city to life through communication. It allows the development of industrial complexes between residential and public spaces to maintain economic activity. Kaesong will develop around “Vertical City in Kaesong” and show new possibilities of coexistence of tradition and city.
In a pursuit of technological progress which allegedly improves our life we forget to pay due attention on what has supported our comfortable existence on this small planet for thousands of years. ProblemSwamps are the”lungs of the planet”. The benefits they provide are comparable to the benefits of forests. Every swamp is an amazing organism. Like all life on Earth, it breathes, but how? Swamps absorb carbon dioxide and constantly emit oxygen. Tons of pure oxygen. The swamps are home to hundreds of different types of animals and plants. This is an unknown world, with its own laws and rules.In the middle of the last century, the total area of ??swamps in Belarus was 2,940 thousand hectares (14.2% of the entire territory of the country). After 60 years, the area of ??swamps on the territory of Belarus has decreased by 3.5 times. Currently it is only 860 thousand hectares. Unfortunately, mass swamp reclamation (drainage), which began in the middle of the last century, led to irreversible consequences, such as fires, drought, soil degradation and the complete destruction of certain types of animals and plants not only in Belarus, but also in all Eastern Europe. Why is this happening?It is simple – minerals. The swamps are drained because of the extraction of fossil fuels – peat, which is used in the energy industry.
FILTRATION is a waste-management and waste-to-energy power plant skyscraper located in the “Eighth Continent”- it often refers to the Great Pacific Garbage Patch, which is a collection of marine debris in the North Pacific Ocean. It spans waters from the West Coast of North America to Japan. The size of the patch is estimated to be 8.1% of the size of the Pacific Ocean, twice the size of Texas, thrice the size of California, the rubbish layer is on average 100 feet thick. The Great Pacific Garbage Patch is not the only vortex—it’s just the biggest. The Atlantic and Indian Oceans both have trash vortexes. Even shipping routes in smaller bodies of water, such as the North Sea, are developing garbage patches. FILTRATION essentially is a highly modularized prefabricated waste-management and waste-to-energy power plant megastructure that contains several Material Recovery Facilities (MRF) and Water Treatment Plants (WTP) to recycle the floating garbage continent and clean the seawater in all levels from the different ocean across the world. The innovative not only for self-sustaining but also helping resolve the world energy crisis for this coming century. Unlike the conventional material recovery facility mainly relies on gravity, by using multiple conveyors to rise the garbage mainstream several times to sort different items. The “FILTRATION” uses seawater to pump the garbage with polluted water together to the highest location of the building and filter the water and recycle the material for the top to bottom of the building. Eventually, the non-recycled material and recycled material will be transported away. The main structure – the “tree truck” Core can allow for a flexible and inclusive range of facilities and plants attach to it. Anything from Plastic Recycling Facility to Waste-to-energy Power Plant can be accommodated in a vertical aggregation on four sides of idealized and efficient dwellings at the foundations of the tower. Most of the facility is composed of modular parts which can be replaced as the requirements. This proposal not only gives a rebirth to floating waste but also give the second chance to reconstruct the relationship between nature and human beings.
In 50 years’ time there will be more rubbish than fish in the ocean.Without interfering in temporal activities, the world of marine fauna and flora will die. The most important step mankind should take is to stop further waste emissions, as well as to raise awareness of waste management. The world of architecture faces the challenge of counteracting to one of the most serious problems in the world. When choosing the subject matter of the project, there was no doubt that the designed skyscraper had to meet the challenge of cleaning the oceans from waste. The project presents a model of a skyscraper, which will be placed in the largest garbage patches in the oceans.  Its main task will be to start the process of cleaning up the oceans and finally eliminate the floating islands. The shape of the skyscraper is determined by its main function – compressing ­oceanic rubbish. The designed facility is a huge floating piston that compacts waste directly on site. In order to protect ocean life, it collects for disposal only the most polluted tissue from the water surface without the use of pumps. The only force that allows waste to find its way inside the pressing chamber is gravity.  When the garbage isinside the piston, a baler crushes it into a disc whose height depends on the density and type of garbage. After this process, the waste is pushed beyond the length of the piston and packed into a specially designed reusable cover so that the waste no longer has the potential to spread across the ocean. The net filled with disks iscollected by a designated ship and then disposed or recycled. The design concept is that waste can be collected by container ships on non-container-loaded journeys.  Above the entire waste compaction sector, which consists of a compaction chamber, a piston and an engine room for the entire technological process, there is a section dedicated to ocean research. On the two lowest floors there is a storage area, above which the re are two medical levels that serve the people working in the building, and equally importantly, there is veterinary support facilities for animals that have suffered while living in a polluted ocean. A three-storey residential section for has been designed above.  There is a social area and an office area aboveit. The lamp, placed on one of the levels, not only serves as a landmark, it is anallegory to the archetype of the skyscraper, which was the inspiration for the first skyscrapers – the lighthouse.  The last floor serves as a helicopter landing pad on the roof. The second aspect of the project is the educational activity aimed at reducing global plastic consumption. Garbage stains on the ocean are invisible to the majority of the public due to their distance from land. This results in a low level of awareness of the scale of the threat. In order to highlight the problem, the discs were symbolically placed in the panoramas of the most recognizable cities in the world in the form of high postuments – the monument of waste. This will show the size of the problem by comparing the amount of compacted rubbish to the scale of the city. An unaesthetic skyscraper towering over the buildings will contrast. It is a symbolic demonstration of what mankind has deserved over the years of its activity and a direct reference to the ocean fauna, which for years has been doomed to live among the waste. After fulfilling its educational role, the skyscraper will be handed over for disposal.
Carbon Sequestration Through Super Reforestation Human development is outracing the capacity of the planet’s natural ability to sustain it. Over-building, farming, and logging have resulted in the inevitable depletion of our forests, which are an important source of carbon dioxide absorption. The release of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere is happening faster than our forests, oceans and soils can absorb them, disturbing the carbon cycle crucial to the equilibrium of our planet.  Having paved our way into this situation, can our urge to build be harnessed to reverse this fatal course and help sustain our future, even as forest cover steadily diminishes? Skyscraper, Landscape, Forest: Our project redefines these three terms by proposing a new ecology in which the verticality of the skyscraper is introduced into the vast horizontal expanse of the forest. Instead of an urban skyline populated by humans, our project proposes a new landscape of forest structures inhabited only by animals, birds and trees. This skyforest is a systemic solution to the problem of deforestation. Built on a large-scale grid, it leaves the forest floor available for managed growth and harvesting, while duplicating the forest vertically by means of a three dimensional grid that rises high above the ground. This new skyline works with nature rather than against it. The historic 1-mile Jefferson grid, serves as the basis of the US land survey and is visible on satellite maps. The project divides this familiar grid into 64 smaller squares of approximately 600’ by 600’. Each side of the square is defined by a timber structure, inspired by the minimal elegance and strength of wooden roller coasters. 20’x 20x 20’ modular frames contain the tree as well as the soil necessary for its sustenance. Each tree is planted in a high tensile fabric pouch that contains the root ball, absorbs and retains water and allows room for growth. The pouch is secured on all four sides. The trees are staggered vertically to allow sun and rain to filter down and reach every tree. The project responds to natural obstacles and topography like mountains, valleys and rivers. Wherever one of these obstructions interrupts the grid, the structure compensates for loss of tree modules by increasing in height. The result is a constantly undulating profile that dips and soars depending on what is happening below. Although the structure looks massive from the air, at the forest floor it remains very open to animal migration, bird flight, even vehicular and human passage. The trees will be planted as saplings, mixing species to encourage biodiversity as a means of resisting disease and blight. As the tree grows, falling seeds and leaves will take root in the suspended soil, creating mini-forest floors that eventually populate, intertwine and cover the entire structure. Both the trees and the timber construction sequester carbon dioxide that would otherwise remain in the atmosphere. Eventually, lighting strikes and natural decay will destroy the structures which will then return to earth. At that point, a new structure will be built in its place, the high strength tensile fabric growing pouches will be reused, and the cycle will begin over again. Without human intervention, nature finds its own equilibrium. We may already be past that point in our time on this planet. While deforestation is inevitable on a regional scale, our project can slow or mitigate this development on a larger, global scale by replacing cleared land in one country with a new, denser and taller skyforest. The new growth will increase the planet’s capacity to sequester harmful greenhouse gases, and play its part in restoring balance to the earth.
This design is located at the border of slum and wealthy area in new Delhi, India.It is intended to be reflected in the Indian caste system, where different RACES blend and influence each other. The plan focuses on the path diversion and divides into five streamlines.Single path is discussed, the line of sight and space effects on people, through the study of 5 kinds of caste into, to extract the different space prototype respectively, classifying the combination, constitute the high-rise buildings, introduces the unique space retrieval way, makes the building is not only a caste of list, more of a deep integration, is a milestone of memorable.
ProblemToday, one of humanity’s biggest problems is transportation. Every single day, many individuals spend hours in traffic congestion which does not only waste their time, but often pollutes the environment by emitting greenhouse gases and particulates. Another challenge is long distance traveling by airplane. Compared to other modes of transport traveling by air has a more harmful environmental impact per passenger-kilometre (see graph). However, the number of airplanes is increasing, and they are expected to fly more frequently. In a plausible scenario, total global carbon emissions in 2050 might be at similar levels as today which means we have to expect an increase in the average global temperature by 4° Celsius in the long run. This project aims to use high-rise architecture in order to address problems of modern transportation systems and to give an alternative to airplane traveling. Therefore, new technologies like hyperloop are incorporated into the project. SocietyAccording to reports by the United Nations, today’s world population of 7.6 billion is expected to reach 8.6 billion in 2030 and hit 9.8 billion in 2050, considerable proportion of which will live in megacities with more than ten million residents. There, most city dwellers will use public transportation while private vehicles will be automated and driverless. Affordable accommodation will be limited and people might be struggling with little social contact, especially in megacities.The societal goal is to liberate the surface of big cities from transportation whilst improving infrastructure. Transportation should mainly take place either below or above street level. The tower is the center of a fully operational transportation network that reduces both greenhouse gas emissions and time consumption for passengers. This could result in greener streets with more space for walking, cycling and recreation in the city centers.This project creates a space for social and professional activities. It generates affordable accommodation and, most importantly. a link between different transportation systems as the hyperloop concept is thought further and lifted into the sky. DesignThe impressive height or architecturally bold design of every skyscraper has to be combined with building functions that deliver diversity and density to the buildings’ inhabitants. For an exceptionally tall building to work, the social needs of residents must be considered. As cities become more densely populated, it is more and more important to create a sense of community.The top and bottom levels are dedicated to transportation, the space in between has social functions with mixed use. There are 50m² and 75m² apartments, shopping centers, office spaces, gyms, theatres, cinemas and public facilities like schools.The top floor is part of the hyperloop infrastructure. How does hyperloop work? The pods in the pipes move forwards, accelerating until they reach a speed where they lift up, and are guided by magnets. Hyperloop One says its 670mph system will be “automated by the most advanced systems in the world, allowing a safe and efficient journey that is never delayed or overbooked.” Hyperloop or conventional trains are usually bound to the ground. However, this presents big challenges, especially in mountainous countries and densely populated areas. Therefore, the network is floating in the sky by gas-filled pillows referencing an airship. This can be achieved sustainably by using the methane produced by farm cows or even pump greenhouse gases from the atmosphere into the loop. Approximately 1000m³ of gas are needed in order to lift a metric-ton, so the construction has to be very lightweight.
People tend to destroy our planet. Looking forward to explore the universe for seeking a new home. This vision shows the possibility to create a new place for us, next to our roots, thus giving them space to breathe and resurrect the second life. We live in times of unlimited possibilities and freedom. On a daily basis no one is thinking about the sources of energy supplied to virtually any device. We do not compare what has changed over the centuries. The world is running forward and you either keep pace or you are far behind and you can never make up for it anymore. However, there are people, events, exhibitions, works of art, performances that occasionally shake the world. They show statistics, problems, possibilities, sometimes even solutions, but in a strange way it seems only to pass through us and disappear like an echo. On the second day, everyone goes on, not remembering. Researchers are looking for answers and are trying to find solutions to alarming phenomena on earth. Unlikely, it seems not to be a priority for most of us. What truly counts is power and money. A vision of settling on mars, flying on the moon, traveling into space. All this does not relate to what state of threat the earth is by ourselves. We do not think what to do for the next generations or ourselves. The human being is a rational being and he has power, but he has forgotten that all nature is ruling by its own laws. All these uneasy actions prompted a reflective, theoretic idea and manifesto created to emphasize the Earth problem and to make the recipient to  think about it. The architectural space does not resemble that known today, technological progress allows new solutions that completely disqualify those currently known to us. For this reason, the drawings drawn up are unusual in their form. Reading them, one should not look for an obvious analogy to the present solutions. The Sky Hub is build up from three different parts and each of them is founded on a various heights.
The Philosophy of Architecture From Vitruvius to Le Corbusier, A.gaudi to Z.hadid, architects are constantly adapting to new situations by developing their own methodology and by continuously pushing the boundaries. From the Pantheon to the Bilbao Museum by Gehry, architects are also building under different conditions, sometimes by following principles of architecture and sometimes by challenging them. The tension that exists between the architects and the age in which they belong creates this evolution. Our environments are constantly forcing us to discover.
Although with the recent American governments intents to enhance the construction of border between Mexico and U.S. to reinforce control. There are many stories regarding how such border separate family members who hold different citizenship, or work and live on different side of border. This proposal aims to transform perception of political border from boundary of separation to gathering for connection. Friendship Park located next to border between San Diego and Tijuana, as one of the location where many separated families will meet from both side of border. In 1900s, there is no well defined border but only patrols to control for access. Many travel back and forth to meet their family during weekend. Later, metal fence was constructed to establish the border. In 1990s, additional metal mesh had been applied to prevent physical contact for illegal activities. Despite seeing each other through metal mesh almost like seeing prisoners in jail, families still willing to travel far to reunite on border. This proposal suggests an “In-between zone” above border fence, which based on temporary scaffolding structure and can be expended or reduced in size according to the needs. With respect to legal regulation and political situation, such zone can be accessed with control of shafts of staircase and allows families not only to meet up but huge and touch each other to share their moment together. As it serves as the platform for opportunities of interaction and communication, it enhances interpersonal relationship and encourages community like gathering space with bi-national identity. As nationality or working and living status should not be the reason for restriction of family reunite, this proposal intents to help for the situation for separation of many families, as well as to provide more humanize gathering space to meet on border. Instead of construct obstacle structure like wall to reinforce control, situation might be altered if better architectural system can be provided and better control method can be employed. A better outcome such as bi-national community can be expected and encouraged to form.
I remember watching the rapid transformation of our beloved city from the window of an overcrowded bus. On commutes to and from work I would wonder: how can we as a community embrace this change, and adapt without losing our identity? This place we love grew from a humble city to a booming, unrecognizable metropolis. Despite the technology that was meant to bring us together, we were left feeling less connected than ever – to each other, to nature, and to the small-community values that defined our cozy hidden nook in the northwest corner of the country. In hindsight, ARMATURE was an ideal that Seattle followed to avoid becoming the hollow shell of a city we now see elsewhere in the country. Its topophilic concept was built to be adaptive and resilient, responding to a changing environment that has shaped the development of the thriving city we live in today. Author and humanist geographer Yi Fu Tuan described topophilia as “a framework to discuss all the different ways that human beings love a place.” Our perception and love of place is influenced by the interconnection of our sociocultural, natural, and built environments. The overlap of these environments are framed by the idealized qualities of resiliency (natural + built), regeneration (sociocultural + natural) and responsiveness (sociocultural + built). While providing homes, workspaces, gathering places, and respite from the chaos outside, ARMATURE never lost touch of the roots from which it grew. While the structural framework is the true innovation of the project – it allows for an infinite flexibility of program – sustainable and biophilic design features are at the core of its responsive nature. The building changes with the city, neighborhood, and inhabitants’ needs just as the leaves of a maple tree respond to the change of the seasons. Vertical and horizontal voids throughout the tower provide access to light, air and circulation spaces. Projecting sky gardens create community gathering spaces allowing for activities and interactions formerly reserved for the terra firma below. Modular, reprogrammable spaces can be moved throughout the tower, adding endless permutations and adaptation of the vertical community. Much like the petals of a flower, the biomimetic envelope adapts to the changing environment by opening and closing as a response to sunlight and temperature. I remember riding that packed bus twenty years ago, the anxiety and fear as I considered the future of our city and planned my escape from it. Thankfully, I was witness to a positive revolution that came with the arrival of ARMATURE. The tower taught me that change shouldn’t be a cause for concern. Instead, it can be an opportunity to hold true to your values, adapt and thrive through resilience. This city is loved, and because of ARMATURE, it will be for centuries to come.
OUTLINE | PURPOSEForests cover more than 30% of the entire planet. They create oxygen, they absorb malicious greenhouse gasses, they provide a substantial source of medicines, and many more actives necessary for life. However, even with these vital characteristics, it has not stopped developers from exhausting its resources while being misinformed; never reaching its full potential. Therefore, “Ka’ poy yepü” seeks to address this problem by proposing a multi-platform research center with a focus on geo-biological education. The purpose is to expand knowledge on how to harmonize technology and nature by networking around the globe on how to use and discover new forms of energy. ORIGINS | DESIGNCanaima National Park – Venezuela, is one of the largest natural reserves on the planet and possess definitive characters that differentiates it from other natural reservoirs. It’s soil dates back to the precambrian period, between 1.5 million to 2 billions years old; which makes it one of the most ancient rock formations in the world’s geochronology. These unique formations called “Tepuis” are a kind of table-top mountains with 90 degree vertical walls. Because of its ancient condition, high levels of electromagnetic fields can be found in the area. “Ka’ poy yepü” uses these forces to expand the use of electromagnetism as a form of direct energy. It prevents the disruption of the habitat by harboring said electromagnetism to keep the facility hovering over the valley. PHILOSOPHYThe original inhabitants of Canaima were the Pemon tribe, for whom the word pemon means ‘people’. Their relationships and perception of nature inspired how “Ka’ poy yepü” seeks and stores data. Named after the locals dialect, which translates to “I come from the sky, from infinity” provides the facility a connection to the land. It expands throughout several structures in additive formation over the valley while scanning for data. By using a combination of Mixed-Reality and Augmented-Reality it creates a non-invasive mean to educate visitors and researchers alike. FORMATION | TRANSPORTATIONAerial transportation is the only way to reach Canaima due to lack of roads and difficult terrain. Therefore, electromagnetic enhanced vehicles were created as means to reach the facility. The “Töröns”, which translates to ‘Birds’ have the same matrix as “Ka’ poy yepü” and work as links between all parts of the main structure. The vehicles can access remote areas in the valley and makes sure to provide a full picture of the site. Above all, these vehicles are used as structure carriers for the facility. They guide the ‘Cocoon’ structures to different towers on site depending on the needs of expansion from both researches and visitors. FUNCTION | FOOTPRINTEven though the facility is mostly focused on geo-biological research it does accommodate a diversity of visitors. It includes several interactive centers that allows public citizens to experience close encounters with the unique environment and get educated at the same time. For researchers and scientists; semi-private and private areas have been designated so they can work and exchange ideas productively. Finally, the facility provides sleeping pods for in-house researches that stay for long terms. SUSTAINABILITY “Ka’ poy yepü” presents itself as a pioneer for new sources of self-sustaining energies. Therefore, it proposes using both 3D printing joints and molecular nanotechnology to self-construct the mesh pieces that holds the structure together. Gravitational panels are infused with solar cells to collect electrical energy. Furthermore, It’s external facade is filled with breathable skin and sensors that allow for liquid in the air to be collected and later filtered to produce clean water for the facility. All of these sources combined maintain an intrinsic harmony within the structure with zero-carbon footprint effects.
It is a grim reality in many parts of the world that the sand is pressing on. Desertification is a worldwide ecological and environmental problem. On average, there are about 50,000 ~ 70,000 square kilometers of land desertification every year in the world. This design is located in the desert of Egypt, and choose a typical pyramid group as an example, trying to explore the combination of modern technology, using skyscrapers to improve the desert environment and Egyptian culture(pyramids?temples?castles) combined with the architectural situation. The skyscraper is not only a building, but also a culture and a national symbol. The prototype is based on Cook’s idea of a “plug-in city”. On the basis of improving the ecological environment of the desert, the internal production, life and transportation should be organized. Form the appearance of the inverted pyramid. Floating above the desert, the structure is shaped to collect and produce water. At the same time, the interior of the building collects and manufactures water sources, stores and accumulates them into artificial lakes, and effectively interacts with the desert ground. The interior of the building becomes a hanging garden. The facade is in the solid form of pyramid.In the future, we hope that, thanks to the development of technology, the the vision of desert oasis will be realized and gradually improve the desert environment.
Water is the foundation of life. Now, imagine a world without water. 33% of the land in the world are deserts, so life without water is a reality for those regions. In fact, around 1 billion people lack access to safe water, and this number is growing as the water crisis in the world is getting worse. On top of this, climate change is affecting our water sources. Rivers and lakes are either drying up, or becoming too polluted to use.  Moreover, hundreds of thousands of people die each year because of diseases caused by lack of water. New buildings are usually designed to save water, but this solution is simply not enough. At the current rate of water consumption, this problem will only get worse and we need a better solution. Sometimes the answer we’re looking for is right in the nature. Namib Desert Beetle(Stenocara gracilipes) lives in one of the driest places on earth, at the southwest cost of Africa, in the Namib Desert. This ingenious creature collects water from the air, in one of the driest places on earth. When moist air, lying over the Atlantic Ocean, is cooled and blown into the land, it creates streams of fog over the dunes of the desert in the morning, before the sun burns everything off. This is the saving grace for this beetle. It lifts its back up against the wind, and as the wind hits the beetle’s shell, it efficiently collects water, thanks to the combination of hydrophobic(water-repelling) surfaces and hydrophilic(water-attracting) bumps. The hydrophilic bumps act as magnets for water, and the hydrophobic surfaces direct the water towards the beetle’s mouth. During this process, it drinks about 40% if its body weight. Tower of Life mimics this process to catch water from the air by using strategically placed water-catching surfaces, not just enough for its residents, but also enough water for its surroundings to allow life to flourish. As Tower of Life carries more water to its surroundings, it will create a better life for everyone, and everything around it.
ANALYSIS: OUR MOUNTAINS ARE CRUMBLINGMountains are not only made of ice and rock but also of our dreams and our desires. Man has always believed that, as a witness to our birth, mountains would also be around for our departure. But for the past twenty years, the continuous thawing of the permafrost which binds the Alps together has triggered an increase in the number of landslides. 2018 was another record-breaking year with one of the hottest summers ever recorded, and as a result, the temperature of the earth has never been higher. With rising temperatures come new issues for the world’s population to tackle: unstable peaks kill tens of alpinists every year as rocky outer layers crumble away, causing landslides and the mass flooding of valleys. Thus the Alps become more and more dangerous each day. Mont Cervin is the perfect illustration of these new dangers: located at the Swiss/Italian border, this icy rock formation has been subjected to the changes in permafrost and its decay, and as a result, the countries’ border has moved over 150m in 60 years. The thawing of permafrost has an impact of global proportions. As it thaws, the permafrost releases bio-matter which rots in the air, in turn releasing high levels of greenhouse gases. This positive feedback cycle causes global warming. Although there’s still a lot of uncertainty surrounding the timeframe of these changes and the area they affect, it is widely admitted that climate change will be characterized by a succession extreme occurrences (including heatwaves, flooding and the like) amongst a general, global tendency for rising temperatures. It is therefore important we seek not to adapt our world to one single new climate, but to understand how we can adapt our societies to a climate set to be ever changing. CONCEPT: CLIMATE CHANGE AS A SOURCE OF NEW SPACESOur intention is to create a dialog by connecting increasingly intense and frequent climate variations with the fast-evolving habits of our society. To do so we studied the complexity and diversity of the unique shapes snowflakes take on as they fall. The key defining factors of the crystal’s final shape are the temperature and humidity of the air around it. Though they all stem from the same, hexagonal base form, throughout their descent the snowflakes’ shape is defined as its surroundings evolve, leading to a surprisingly diverse set of crystals. Positioned between two hillsides of the Mont Cervin, the Arch harnesses heavy variations in temperature and humidity to construct numerous glacial structures, thanks to an ingenious air and water circulation system. These frozen spaces’ structure and aesthetics are therefore unique, conditioning the uses they house, much as they themselves are conditioned by the climate surrounding them. As time goes by and their surroundings change, some areas will be frozen in time as others thaw and feed into newer spaces. The result of an initiative by the Alpine Convention, the Arch is designed to re-affirm the uniqueness of an alpine zone which transcends international borders. Run by an international government organization and publicly funded, it is open day and night to visitors eager to make the space their own. Here, the concept of public, shared space is redefined by the temporality of our climate. Above all, the Arch symbolizes a rediscovered peace and unity between Man and Nature.
As we all know, there are many natural wonders caused by uncontrollable factors such as climate or plate movement. It is likely that after several Centuries, there are no Everest, East Africa Rift Valley, Colorado Grand Canyon, etc. Just like us now, we are eager to understand what the world before is like, and we can only guess and restore through fossils and incomplete historical documents. No one provides us with an accurate statement. Meanwhile we don’t have a way to document the natural landscape. So this Skyscraper will play the role of a historical scene recorder and narrator, simulate a real scene for future humans, and let landscape wonders continue. The skyscraper realizes the simulation of the scene by collecting the physical parameters of the physical scene, such as wind, wind speed, temperature, humidity and other major environmental parameters. With these physical parameters, the simulation is no longer just a simple image show, but let the people experience the most authentic scenes from the senses. The entire building will be both a data storage center and a scene simulator.
